0	My friends all love to go to the club to dance. They think it's a lot of fun and always invite. I finally decided to tag along last Saturday. I danced terribly and broke a friend's toe. My friends decided to keep inviting me out as I am so much fun.
1	My friends all love to go to the club to dance. They think it's a lot of fun and always invite. I finally decided to tag along last Saturday. I danced terribly and broke a friend's toe. The next weekend, I was asked to please stay home.
1	I tried going to the park the other day. The weather seemed nice enough for a walk. Within minutes of getting there I started sneezing. My eyes were watery and it was hard to breathe. My allergies were too bad and I had to go back home.
0	I tried going to the park the other day. The weather seemed nice enough for a walk. Within minutes of getting there I started sneezing. My eyes were watery and it was hard to breathe. It reminded me of how much I loved spring flowers.
0	Avery was married with children. She was tired of her boring life. One day, she decided to meet up with an old boyfriend from college. She made poor decisions that night and was unfaithful to her husband. Avery thought her children would be happy with her decision.
1	Avery was married with children. She was tired of her boring life. One day, she decided to meet up with an old boyfriend from college. She made poor decisions that night and was unfaithful to her husband. Avery regretted what she did the next day.
0	Josh loved when his mom baked apple pie. He hated how he always had to wait until after dinner though. So he decided this time he would sneak a piece before dinner. The eggs his mom used must have been bad though. Josh thought that the pie was delicious.
1	Josh loved when his mom baked apple pie. He hated how he always had to wait until after dinner though. So he decided this time he would sneak a piece before dinner. The eggs his mom used must have been bad though. Josh got sick.
1	John was writing lyrics for his new album. He started experiencing writer's block. He tried to force himself to write but it wouldn't do anything. He took a walk, hung out with some friends, and looked at nature. He felt inspiration and then went back home to write.
0	John was writing lyrics for his new album. He started experiencing writer's block. He tried to force himself to write but it wouldn't do anything. He took a walk, hung out with some friends, and looked at nature. John then got an idea for his painting.
1	The cashier was counting the dollar bills at her desk. Two men rushed into the store and held their guns up. Everyone panicked and started to scream. The men threatened the people to remain quiet. The cashier handed them the cash so they would go away.
0	The cashier was counting the dollar bills at her desk. Two men rushed into the store and held their guns up. Everyone panicked and started to scream. The men threatened the people to remain quiet. The cashier invited the men to her high school reunion.
1	The Mills next door had a new car. The car was stolen during the weekend. They came to my house and asked me if I knew anything. I told them I didn't, but for some reason they suspected me. They called the police to come to my house.
0	The Mills next door had a new car. The car was stolen during the weekend. They came to my house and asked me if I knew anything. I told them I didn't, but for some reason they suspected me. They liked me a lot after that.
0	There was an extremely obnoxious boy in Kerry's economics class. He monopolized every class discussion with his mediocre ideas. The professor could never get him to be quiet. One day, he showed up to class with laryngitis. Kerry was disappointed.
1	There was an extremely obnoxious boy in Kerry's economics class. He monopolized every class discussion with his mediocre ideas. The professor could never get him to be quiet. One day, he showed up to class with laryngitis. Kerry was so grateful!
0	Franny did not particularly like all of the immigration happening. She thought immigrants were coming to cause social problems. Franny was upset when an immigrant moved in next door. The immigrant, Sal, was kind and became friends with Franny. Franny ended up getting deported.
1	Franny did not particularly like all of the immigration happening. She thought immigrants were coming to cause social problems. Franny was upset when an immigrant moved in next door. The immigrant, Sal, was kind and became friends with Franny. Franny learned to examine her prejudices.
0	Brandon was given a 10 page research paper to write for class. He begun working on the paper on his 2003 Dell laptop. Brandon stayed up until 1 in the morning to try and finish his paper. Suddenly, his computer crashed and died. When he finished his paper he went to bed.
1	Brandon was given a 10 page research paper to write for class. He begun working on the paper on his 2003 Dell laptop. Brandon stayed up until 1 in the morning to try and finish his paper. Suddenly, his computer crashed and died. Luckily he had been saving everything on an external disk.
1	Ari spends $20 a day on pickles. He decides to make his own to save money. He puts the pickles in brine. Ari waits 2 weeks for his pickles to get sour. Ari opens the jar to find perfect pickles.
0	Ari spends $20 a day on pickles. He decides to make his own to save money. He puts the pickles in brine. Ari waits 2 weeks for his pickles to get sour. Ari's pickles are sweet.
1	Trudey wanted to write novels for a living. She wrote one through traditional publishing means. It barely made enough to cover the advance she had received. She wrote another through self-publishing avenues. Trudey hoped self-publishing would be more profitable.
0	Trudey wanted to write novels for a living. She wrote one through traditional publishing means. It barely made enough to cover the advance she had received. She wrote another through self-publishing avenues. Trudey called her sister and asked her to come to dinner.
0	Feliciano went olive picking with his grandmother. While they picked, she told him stories of his ancestors. Before he realized it, the sun was going down. They took the olives home and ate them together. The pair then went out to pick olives.
1	Feliciano went olive picking with his grandmother. While they picked, she told him stories of his ancestors. Before he realized it, the sun was going down. They took the olives home and ate them together. Feliciano was happy about his nice day.
1	Aaron's girlfriend asked him to come over for dinner. She said she was making his favorite, chicken alfredo. Aaron was very excited she wanted to cook, but he hated alfredo. She must have mixed up his words when he told her his least favorite. Aaron suggested he help her cook another meal instead.
0	Aaron's girlfriend asked him to come over for dinner. She said she was making his favorite, chicken alfredo. Aaron was very excited she wanted to cook, but he hated alfredo. She must have mixed up his words when he told her his least favorite. Aaron broke up with her.
0	Oliver was nervous about his wedding. He was worried that he would stutter during the vows. When the time came, he took a deep breath and began to speak. He stuttered, but his wife smiled and hugged him and he was okay. Oliver decided to not get married.
1	Oliver was nervous about his wedding. He was worried that he would stutter during the vows. When the time came, he took a deep breath and began to speak. He stuttered, but his wife smiled and hugged him and he was okay. Oliver was so grateful for his wife's love.
0	Sara had lost her cat. She was so sad! She put up signs all over the neighborhood. Then a wonderful thing happened. Sarah broke her leg.
1	Sara had lost her cat. She was so sad! She put up signs all over the neighborhood. Then a wonderful thing happened. Somebody found her cat.
0	Kelly was playing her new Mario game. She had been playing it for weeks. She was playing for so long without beating the level. Finally she beat the last level. Kelly was mad about that.
1	Kelly was playing her new Mario game. She had been playing it for weeks. She was playing for so long without beating the level. Finally she beat the last level. Kelly was so happy to finally beat it.
1	Tim and Deb have been dating for almost a year. They met at a party they attended last Christmas. Tim picked Deb up for a date tonight and took her to a fancy dinner. Just after dessert he proposed marriage. Deb said yes to Tim's marriage proposal.
0	Tim and Deb have been dating for almost a year. They met at a party they attended last Christmas. Tim picked Deb up for a date tonight and took her to a fancy dinner. Just after dessert he proposed marriage. Deb told Tim she was only interested in woman.
0	My roommate is from Germany. He is a very good cook. One day, he made some sausage for me that he ate back home in Germany. The sausage turned out poorly, according to him. I thought the cereal was delicious.
1	My roommate is from Germany. He is a very good cook. One day, he made some sausage for me that he ate back home in Germany. The sausage turned out poorly, according to him. I loved them anyway.
0	When I was a kid I really wanted to play checkers. I sat down with my grandpa and he taught me. At first, he was just teaching me but it became a special thing. As I got older, I continued to play checkers with him. To this day I hate checkers.
1	When I was a kid I really wanted to play checkers. I sat down with my grandpa and he taught me. At first, he was just teaching me but it became a special thing. As I got older, I continued to play checkers with him. I have very fond memories of checkers.
0	Ivy wanted a cell phone like all her friends. She saved up her money from delivering papers. Soon she had enough for a phone. She went shopping and selected the perfect phone. Amy spent all of her money on clothes.
1	Ivy wanted a cell phone like all her friends. She saved up her money from delivering papers. Soon she had enough for a phone. She went shopping and selected the perfect phone. She loved her new phone.
0	Dave walked into the grocery store. He was going there to buy his favorite energy drink. He only had enough money to buy one can. He reached the aisle and what he saw made him smile. Dave bought an entire case.
1	Dave walked into the grocery store. He was going there to buy his favorite energy drink. He only had enough money to buy one can. He reached the aisle and what he saw made him smile. They were on sale.
0	Gina sat on her grandpa's bed staring outside. It was winter and his garden was dead until spring. Her grandpa had passed away so there would be no one to tend it. The weeds would take over and strangle the flowers. Gina asked her grandpa what kind of flowers he liked best.
1	Gina sat on her grandpa's bed staring outside. It was winter and his garden was dead until spring. Her grandpa had passed away so there would be no one to tend it. The weeds would take over and strangle the flowers. Gina decided to go outside and pick some of the weeds.
1	Ramona was very unhappy in her job. She asked for a raise, but was denied. The refusal prompted her to aggressively comb the want ads. She found an interesting new possibility and set up an interview. She was offered the new job at a higher salary.
0	Ramona was very unhappy in her job. She asked for a raise, but was denied. The refusal prompted her to aggressively comb the want ads. She found an interesting new possibility and set up an interview. Ramona had no reason to want to change jobs.
1	I wanted to buy a video game console. I asked my parents, and they came up with an idea. They said if I did my chores, I would be given money to save. I did my chores without being asked every week for a whole summer. My parents gave me enough money to buy the console.
0	I wanted to buy a video game console. I asked my parents, and they came up with an idea. They said if I did my chores, I would be given money to save. I did my chores without being asked every week for a whole summer. At the end of the summer I gave the money back to my parents.
0	Felipe had been interested in Germany since he was a young child. He learned about the language and culture by reading library books. Finally in college he was able to visit Berlin. Felipe loved the German art, food, and beer. Felipe never wanted to go to Germany again.
1	Felipe had been interested in Germany since he was a young child. He learned about the language and culture by reading library books. Finally in college he was able to visit Berlin. Felipe loved the German art, food, and beer. Felipe visited Germany again later in his life.
0	Miles was a roofer. He loved his job and was very good at it. However, one day he was not paying attention and fell off the roof. Luckily, he only broke his leg. Miles got up and walked away.
1	Miles was a roofer. He loved his job and was very good at it. However, one day he was not paying attention and fell off the roof. Luckily, he only broke his leg. Miles decided that he needed to be more careful.
0	Johnny thought Anita was the girl for him, but he was wrong. He invited her out but she said she didn't feel well. Johnny decided to go to a club, just to drink and listen to music. At midnight, he looked back and saw Anita dancing with another guy. Johnny wanted to ask Anita out again.
1	Johnny thought Anita was the girl for him, but he was wrong. He invited her out but she said she didn't feel well. Johnny decided to go to a club, just to drink and listen to music. At midnight, he looked back and saw Anita dancing with another guy. Johnny did not ask Anita out again.
1	His eyes burned with pain. His stomach churned and twisted. His lungs were filled with fluid. Painful coughs rattled the halls of his small home. He was near death for sure, he would be gone before night's end.
0	His eyes burned with pain. His stomach churned and twisted. His lungs were filled with fluid. Painful coughs rattled the halls of his small home. He got up and decided to go for a jog.
1	Tom was studying for the big test. He then fell asleep do to boredom. He slept for five hours. He woke up shocked. Tom hurried to study as much as possible before the test.
0	Tom was studying for the big test. He then fell asleep do to boredom. He slept for five hours. He woke up shocked. Tom felt prepared for the test.
1	My friends got lunch and met up at the table. Ben was hungry and finished his lunch before everyone did. He returned to the lunch line to buy more food. That didn't make him up. He decided to buy more lunch and then he felt sick.
0	My friends got lunch and met up at the table. Ben was hungry and finished his lunch before everyone did. He returned to the lunch line to buy more food. That didn't make him up. He then stopped eating because he was full.
0	Jill's dad took her to pick out a kitten. There were two in the cage. She couldn't leave one behind. Her dad agreed. Jill and her dad took one kitten home.
1	Jill's dad took her to pick out a kitten. There were two in the cage. She couldn't leave one behind. Her dad agreed. Jill and her dad took both kittens home.
1	Today was my 1st grade field trip. My class went to the field in the back of the school. Many students and faculty were resting on towels placed on the ground. In addition, many sports took place. I got a nice sun tan that day.
0	Today was my 1st grade field trip. My class went to the field in the back of the school. Many students and faculty were resting on towels placed on the ground. In addition, many sports took place. I was hit in the face with a football and got a black eye.
1	A dog paused by a pond to drink. He mistook his reflection for another dog. Spoiling for a fight, he leapt into the water. Unsurprisingly, his opponent proved elusive. The dog ran home with his tail between his legs.
0	A dog paused by a pond to drink. He mistook his reflection for another dog. Spoiling for a fight, he leapt into the water. Unsurprisingly, his opponent proved elusive. The other dog got the better of him and bit his ear.
0	Peter wished to show his daughter his favorite Christmas song. He played her a video of the song. Next, he let her listen to the sound track. The last time he decided to sing her the song. Peter hated Christmas.
1	Peter wished to show his daughter his favorite Christmas song. He played her a video of the song. Next, he let her listen to the sound track. The last time he decided to sing her the song. Peter's daughter enjoyed the music.
1	Yao was an enthusiastic gardener. He had a big garden in his backyard that he loved very much. He decided to take his vegetables and enter them in the local fair. He waited with anticipation for the results. Yao placed in two categories.
0	Yao was an enthusiastic gardener. He had a big garden in his backyard that he loved very much. He decided to take his vegetables and enter them in the local fair. He waited with anticipation for the results. The judges ate Yao's vegetables without rewarding him.
0	Mary liked jumping rope. She would do it all the time. It kept her in good shape. She always had energy. Mary lost her job because she didn't have any stamina.
1	Mary liked jumping rope. She would do it all the time. It kept her in good shape. She always had energy. Mary was glad she learned to jump rope.
0	I was at the bar with some friends. It was my turn to buy a round. I went up to the bartender and asked him for 13 beers and a shot. He asked for my card and took my order. He told me to go to hell.
1	I was at the bar with some friends. It was my turn to buy a round. I went up to the bartender and asked him for 13 beers and a shot. He asked for my card and took my order. He filled my order.
1	Scott was hungry. He decided to cook dinner. He cooked tacos. He made enough to share with a friend. His friend loved the tacos that Scott cooked.
0	Scott was hungry. He decided to cook dinner. He cooked tacos. He made enough to share with a friend. His friend was so offended he asked Scott to leave.
1	Jorel wanted to try out for the basketball team. He practiced very hard. On the day of tryouts, he was very nervous. His practice paid off. He was asked to join the team.
0	Jorel wanted to try out for the basketball team. He practiced very hard. On the day of tryouts, he was very nervous. His practice paid off. He played terribly.
0	Beth and Carol went out for Chinese. After dinner Beth opened up her fortune cookie. Beth was anticipating good fortune for the rest of the week. Beth called her later in the week to give her good news. Beth's dog had been hit by a car!
1	Beth and Carol went out for Chinese. After dinner Beth opened up her fortune cookie. Beth was anticipating good fortune for the rest of the week. Beth called her later in the week to give her good news. Beth had just won the lottery!
0	Sally liked the seltzer waters her mom bought. She grabbed one from the fridge. She was excited to open it and taste it. Sally didn't know her brother shook all of them beforehand. The water was very still.
1	Sally liked the seltzer waters her mom bought. She grabbed one from the fridge. She was excited to open it and taste it. Sally didn't know her brother shook all of them beforehand. The water exploded.
0	The bride and groom walked down the aisle. The were finally married. The wedding was at the country club. When the bride threw her bouquet, her best friend caught it. Her best friend felt angry.
1	The bride and groom walked down the aisle. The were finally married. The wedding was at the country club. When the bride threw her bouquet, her best friend caught it. Her best friend was elated.
0	Gordon is in a rush to get to a meeting. He bursts out of the laboratory and slips on the ice outside. When he gets up he notices he has scraped his wrist. He barely makes it to his meeting on time. Gordon is fired for being late to the meeting.
1	Gordon is in a rush to get to a meeting. He bursts out of the laboratory and slips on the ice outside. When he gets up he notices he has scraped his wrist. He barely makes it to his meeting on time. Gordon vows to be more careful next time.
1	The two elderly ladies chatted as they ate lunch in the park. One of them brought out a basket and set the food out on the table. They talked and ate happily until they began to argue about something. One of them threw a piece of cake at the other, starting a food fight. The police had to come to break up the argument.
0	The two elderly ladies chatted as they ate lunch in the park. One of them brought out a basket and set the food out on the table. They talked and ate happily until they began to argue about something. One of them threw a piece of cake at the other, starting a food fight. They complemented each other on how tasty the cake was.
0	Mike had a beautiful girlfriend. One day he was walking around his school yard. He saw his girlfriend with another guy. The other guy was his friend bob. Mike was glad he didn't walk around the schoolyard.
1	Mike had a beautiful girlfriend. One day he was walking around his school yard. He saw his girlfriend with another guy. The other guy was his friend bob. Mike was sad to see his girlfriend with someone else.
1	Kara lost her dog yesterday. She freaked out. Frantic, Kara looked all over town for it. Finally she found the dog in her neighbor's yard. Kara asked the neighbors not to put out dog treats in their yard.
0	Kara lost her dog yesterday. She freaked out. Frantic, Kara looked all over town for it. Finally she found the dog in her neighbor's yard. Kara bought a pet cat and dyed it pink.
1	Every year we attend a poolside barbecue at my aunt's house. One year when my sister was very young she fell in the pool. As soon as my dad realized she was missing he ran for the pool. He dove in and brought my sister to the surface. After saving her, we were all relieved.
0	Every year we attend a poolside barbecue at my aunt's house. One year when my sister was very young she fell in the pool. As soon as my dad realized she was missing he ran for the pool. He dove in and brought my sister to the surface. We then let her go swimming.
1	The harpooner struck the whale, which thrashed and began its run. For a few minutes, all was well, but then the whale sounded deep. The line could not pay out fast enough, and the bow dipped deep. The boat slipped below the waves, and did not come back up. The harpooner went down with the ship.
0	The harpooner struck the whale, which thrashed and began its run. For a few minutes, all was well, but then the whale sounded deep. The line could not pay out fast enough, and the bow dipped deep. The boat slipped below the waves, and did not come back up. The harpooner emerged on a surfboard.
1	Sarah was very hungry. She went to the kitchen to eat, but only had bread. She made some toast, with butter and jam. When she was walking to the table, she dropped the toast. Sarah was so depressed.
0	Sarah was very hungry. She went to the kitchen to eat, but only had bread. She made some toast, with butter and jam. When she was walking to the table, she dropped the toast. Sarah was delighted she dropped the toast.
1	We left North Carolina the day after Christmas and drove to Florida. It was a long drive and we couldn't wait to get there. We spent time with family and went to Disney World. We spent an entire day in the Magic Kingdom. After that, we went home and peacefully slept.
0	We left North Carolina the day after Christmas and drove to Florida. It was a long drive and we couldn't wait to get there. We spent time with family and went to Disney World. We spent an entire day in the Magic Kingdom. We then left six flags and went home.
1	Nicole wanted to be an Aunt more than anything. The trouble was that she didn't have any siblings. Today Nicole got a note from her cousin, Xiao. Xiao and her husband were expecting a baby boy. She thought she could be an honorary aunt.
0	Nicole wanted to be an Aunt more than anything. The trouble was that she didn't have any siblings. Today Nicole got a note from her cousin, Xiao. Xiao and her husband were expecting a baby boy. She decided she didn't like babies.
0	Mary and Emma drove to the beach. They decided to swim in the ocean. Mary turned to talk to Emma. Emma said to watch out for the waves. The ocean was a calm as a bathtub.
1	Mary and Emma drove to the beach. They decided to swim in the ocean. Mary turned to talk to Emma. Emma said to watch out for the waves. A big wave knocked Mary down.
1	Jeff just got engaged to his girlfriend Ashley! They are very happy and started planning the wedding right away. Within hours they realized how expensive everything is going to be. Jeff decided to get a part time job to pay for all of this. Ashley got a part time job too.
0	Jeff just got engaged to his girlfriend Ashley! They are very happy and started planning the wedding right away. Within hours they realized how expensive everything is going to be. Jeff decided to get a part time job to pay for all of this. Jeff quit his job that day.
1	Josh woke up early to get ready for the hike he had been planning. After a shower, he made sure all his supplies were packed. He left his house and drove to the park where he was going hiking. Because it was early in the day Josh had the trail mostly to himself. Josh loved the outdoors.
0	Josh woke up early to get ready for the hike he had been planning. After a shower, he made sure all his supplies were packed. He left his house and drove to the park where he was going hiking. Because it was early in the day Josh had the trail mostly to himself. Josh loathed the outdoors.
0	There was a basketball game on Friday. My friends and I wanted to go see it. We got together and got some money for snacks. We went to the court and sat down. We decided to leave after sitting down.
1	There was a basketball game on Friday. My friends and I wanted to go see it. We got together and got some money for snacks. We went to the court and sat down. We had court side seats.
1	Anne wanted ivy to climb the walls of her house. She thought it looked quaint and enchanting. She got small ivy plants and planted them. Soon they began climbing up her home's walls. It was just what she wanted.
0	Anne wanted ivy to climb the walls of her house. She thought it looked quaint and enchanting. She got small ivy plants and planted them. Soon they began climbing up her home's walls. She was very allergic to poison ivy.
0	My goal is to do over two hundred pounds on the squat machine. At my gym that is the maximum weight on that machine. Right now I can only do about one hundred and fifty pounds. I worked real hard at it for well over six months. I know I'll eat pears one day.
1	My goal is to do over two hundred pounds on the squat machine. At my gym that is the maximum weight on that machine. Right now I can only do about one hundred and fifty pounds. I worked real hard at it for well over six months. I know I'll get there one day.
0	Ella's dad had to go on a business trip to Munich. Ella begged her dad to bring her with him. She had never been to Germany and she wanted to see it! Her dad agreed and brought Ella with him on the trip. She was disappointed.
1	Ella's dad had to go on a business trip to Munich. Ella begged her dad to bring her with him. She had never been to Germany and she wanted to see it! Her dad agreed and brought Ella with him on the trip. She had a wonderful time.
0	Henry's parents took him to his first movie. They bought him some snacks before going inside. Inside the theater, they sat in the back row of seats. Henry enjoyed the entire movie. He cried incessantly and begged to go home.
1	Henry's parents took him to his first movie. They bought him some snacks before going inside. Inside the theater, they sat in the back row of seats. Henry enjoyed the entire movie. He thanked his parents for taking him to a movie.
1	Tim loved to swim with tuna deep in the ocean. He would never hurt or try to catch them. One day a fishing boat came to the home of the tuna. Tim tried to dive down the next day with the tuna. He couldn't find the tuna.
0	Tim loved to swim with tuna deep in the ocean. He would never hurt or try to catch them. One day a fishing boat came to the home of the tuna. Tim tried to dive down the next day with the tuna. He didn't look for the tuna.
0	Mel took a girl on a date. They had a wonderful time. The next day he called her for a second date. He was worried she would refuse. She had been away on a trip in Alaska for some time.
1	Mel took a girl on a date. They had a wonderful time. The next day he called her for a second date. He was worried she would refuse. To his relief she accepted.
0	Lira was so excited to meet her favorite rapper. She had backstage passes for after the concert. She made her way backstage and introduced herself. She was horrified to see that the rapper was drunk, rude and sexist. Lira became one of the rapper's roadies.
1	Lira was so excited to meet her favorite rapper. She had backstage passes for after the concert. She made her way backstage and introduced herself. She was horrified to see that the rapper was drunk, rude and sexist. Lira never listened to the rappers music again.
1	While washing the dishes, Caitlin broke one of her mom's best dishes. Caitlin knew her mom would be mad. She lied and said that her sister did it. Her sister was scolded. Caitlin felt guilty and came clean to her mom.
0	While washing the dishes, Caitlin broke one of her mom's best dishes. Caitlin knew her mom would be mad. She lied and said that her sister did it. Her sister was scolded. Caitlin's sister took the punishment justly.
1	Andrea was looking for a new pet. She was considering adopting a dog. After visiting the local dog shelter, she decided to rescue a puppy. After the paperwork was finalized, Andrea brought the dog home. Andrea introduced the dog to the family.
0	Andrea was looking for a new pet. She was considering adopting a dog. After visiting the local dog shelter, she decided to rescue a puppy. After the paperwork was finalized, Andrea brought the dog home. Andrea gave the dog to a stranger.
0	Will and Anna had dated for 12 Year's. They took a vacation together to the beach. While walking on the beach, Will decided to propose. Anna said yes. Will was very upset that Anna said yes.
1	Will and Anna had dated for 12 Year's. They took a vacation together to the beach. While walking on the beach, Will decided to propose. Anna said yes. They got married eight months later.
1	Ellie watched the merry go round. She couldn't decide which animal to ride. There was a pink horse or a blue bunny. So she got on it twice. Each time she rode a different animal making her happy.
0	Ellie watched the merry go round. She couldn't decide which animal to ride. There was a pink horse or a blue bunny. So she got on it twice. Ellie cried both times because she didn't want to ride the ride.
1	I was playing football with friends. We set up in our positions. When the game began, I was tackled. I hurt my knee and screamed. My friends stopped playing to help me off the field.
0	I was playing football with friends. We set up in our positions. When the game began, I was tackled. I hurt my knee and screamed. I got back up to finish the game.
1	My rehab therapist visited me today. He was to do a quick workout. We started off with some lower body exercises. When I did some crunches, he tried to do more crunches than me. My rehab therapist is motivational.
0	My rehab therapist visited me today. He was to do a quick workout. We started off with some lower body exercises. When I did some crunches, he tried to do more crunches than me. My rehab therapist is a narcissist.
0	I bought my girlfriend new gloves for Christmas. They are leather and look nice. She loved them and tried them on. Unfortunately they didn't fit. My girlfriend just completed a degree in Soil Management.
1	I bought my girlfriend new gloves for Christmas. They are leather and look nice. She loved them and tried them on. Unfortunately they didn't fit. I took them back to the store and got a different size.
0	Mina lost her purse at a restaurant. She was so unhappy! She thought she would never get her things back. But then Mina got a wonderful surprise. A stranger had stolen her purse.
1	Mina lost her purse at a restaurant. She was so unhappy! She thought she would never get her things back. But then Mina got a wonderful surprise. A stranger had found her purse and returned it to the restaurant.
0	Pete got a new job at a software company. This had been Pete's dream job his whole life. Pete wrote down all his good ideas and constantly showed his boss. Before long Pete got promoted to assistant manager. Pete quit his job, and never looked back.
1	Pete got a new job at a software company. This had been Pete's dream job his whole life. Pete wrote down all his good ideas and constantly showed his boss. Before long Pete got promoted to assistant manager. A year later he was promoted again.
0	I hadn't seen my girlfriend in a while. She got a new job so it's hard to talk. The job takes up all of her time. Finally she called me to hang out. I was not happy to hear from her so we broke up.
1	I hadn't seen my girlfriend in a while. She got a new job so it's hard to talk. The job takes up all of her time. Finally she called me to hang out. I was really happy to see her and we made plans.
0	Gina just wanted to be alone to cry. The only place she could do that in the school was the bathroom. But people were in the bathroom. She stood with her hand on the door feeling the tears burn her eyes. She couldn't help but burst into peals of laughter.
1	Gina just wanted to be alone to cry. The only place she could do that in the school was the bathroom. But people were in the bathroom. She stood with her hand on the door feeling the tears burn her eyes. She tried to be as quiet as possible while she sobbed.
0	Gina was watering the garden. As her brother walked by she sprayed him with water. He ran laughing, and screaming. Her sisters and another brother joined in as well. Gina was sad.
1	Gina was watering the garden. As her brother walked by she sprayed him with water. He ran laughing, and screaming. Her sisters and another brother joined in as well. Gina had a great time.
0	Agatha had always wanted pet birds. So one day she purchased two pet finches. Soon she couldn't stand their constant noise. And even worse was their constant mess. Agatha decided to buy two more.
1	Agatha had always wanted pet birds. So one day she purchased two pet finches. Soon she couldn't stand their constant noise. And even worse was their constant mess. Agatha decided to return them.
0	The boys wanted to go to the movies. They knew if they asked without doing their chores they could not go. They completed all of their chores. They asked if they could go to the movies. Their parents said they had to complete their chores first.
1	The boys wanted to go to the movies. They knew if they asked without doing their chores they could not go. They completed all of their chores. They asked if they could go to the movies. Their parents said yes, and they went to the movies.
1	I noticed my hair was getting too long. I tried to cut it myself, but failed. I put on my shoes and grabbed my keys. I went to the barber for a haircut. He did a great job.
0	I noticed my hair was getting too long. I tried to cut it myself, but failed. I put on my shoes and grabbed my keys. I went to the barber for a haircut. He told me to cut it myself.
0	Sandra couldn't believe that she had finally arrived in Hollywood. She began going on auditions to realize her dream of becoming a star. Things didn't pan out and she had to take a waitressing job to get by. She soon learned that one of her regular patrons was a talent agent. Sandra told the agent to leave her alone.
1	Sandra couldn't believe that she had finally arrived in Hollywood. She began going on auditions to realize her dream of becoming a star. Things didn't pan out and she had to take a waitressing job to get by. She soon learned that one of her regular patrons was a talent agent. So she got cozy with the agent.
1	Sally was going to surprise the office with a cake. Sally felt that a cake would be a good way to make them smile. She went to the supermarket to pick up the cake. At the office she gathered the employees around the conference table. She then brought out a cake and they all felt better.
0	Sally was going to surprise the office with a cake. Sally felt that a cake would be a good way to make them smile. She went to the supermarket to pick up the cake. At the office she gathered the employees around the conference table. She told them that she did not have the cake.
1	Sarah was learning Algebra on her own. But after several weeks, she didn't improve much. She realized that she didn't set any goals for herself. So everyday, she set a certain goal. Before long Sarah began getting better at Algebra.
0	Sarah was learning Algebra on her own. But after several weeks, she didn't improve much. She realized that she didn't set any goals for herself. So everyday, she set a certain goal. Then Sarah gave up on learning Algebra.
0	Lewy loved tractors. One day he decided to build one. He went to the scrap yard for parts. Next he took them home. Lewy decided to throw all the worthless tractor parts away.
1	Lewy loved tractors. One day he decided to build one. He went to the scrap yard for parts. Next he took them home. He built his very own tractor.
1	Bill couldn't afford to go to college when he was younger. Now he is an old man whose dream is to get a degree. At the age of 70 he finally accomplished his dream. Everyone was very proud of him. Bill was the proudest.
0	Bill couldn't afford to go to college when he was younger. Now he is an old man whose dream is to get a degree. At the age of 70 he finally accomplished his dream. Everyone was very proud of him. Bill is ashamed.
1	Dan saw a dog shivering in the rainy and thought it looked lost. The dog was friendly enough and Dan was able to bring him home. The animal had no tags or collar and seemed malnourished. Daniel posted signs around the neighborhood and asked his neighbors. Dan was able to find an owner for the dog.
0	Dan saw a dog shivering in the rainy and thought it looked lost. The dog was friendly enough and Dan was able to bring him home. The animal had no tags or collar and seemed malnourished. Daniel posted signs around the neighborhood and asked his neighbors. Dan gave up and released the dog back into the wild.
1	The teacher was walking with a stack of papers. Outside started to rain. When the teacher tried to walk down a few steps, she ended up falling. The papers flew out of her hands and landed on the ground. A passer-by helped her up and helped her collect the papers.
0	The teacher was walking with a stack of papers. Outside started to rain. When the teacher tried to walk down a few steps, she ended up falling. The papers flew out of her hands and landed on the ground. The teacher got up and walked home leaving the papers behind.
1	The Bradley family decided to take a camping trip. They packed the car for the two hour trip. Once they arrived it was almost dark and began to storm. After the rain had passed they set up the tent and started the fire. The Bradleys then had a great camping trip.
0	The Bradley family decided to take a camping trip. They packed the car for the two hour trip. Once they arrived it was almost dark and began to storm. After the rain had passed they set up the tent and started the fire. The Bradleys turned around and drove home.
0	Don and his wife drove to a video rental shop. After half an hour, the two couldn't decide on a movie to watch. Don asked the owner of the shop to pick out a movie for them. The owner selected a popular romantic comedy starring Katherine Heigl. Don and his wife gave up and went home.
1	Don and his wife drove to a video rental shop. After half an hour, the two couldn't decide on a movie to watch. Don asked the owner of the shop to pick out a movie for them. The owner selected a popular romantic comedy starring Katherine Heigl. Don and his wife got the movie.
0	Missy got drunk and went to get a tattoo. She decided to get a tattoo on her forehead. The next day, Missy was horrified at what she had done. Missy scraped up her money to pay for a tattoo removal procedure. Missy got another tattoo on her cheek.
1	Missy got drunk and went to get a tattoo. She decided to get a tattoo on her forehead. The next day, Missy was horrified at what she had done. Missy scraped up her money to pay for a tattoo removal procedure. After much wasted money, the tattoo was gone.
1	Jon was getting out of shape. Jon decided to lose weight. He began to eat and exercise better. Jon kept it up and started to feel results. Jon was happy to see his weight loss results.
0	Jon was getting out of shape. Jon decided to lose weight. He began to eat and exercise better. Jon kept it up and started to feel results. John had a burger and fries for dinner.
1	The high school football team was going to playoffs. The team was excited and the town showed their support. Doors were decorated. Businesses closed early. The home team's stands were full when the game began.
0	The high school football team was going to playoffs. The team was excited and the town showed their support. Doors were decorated. Businesses closed early. No one in town cared to attend the game.
1	Earl woke up early to make some coffee. He wanted to be alert for work that day. The aroma woke up all his roommates. They wanted to make coffee too. All of his roommates made coffee.
0	Earl woke up early to make some coffee. He wanted to be alert for work that day. The aroma woke up all his roommates. They wanted to make coffee too. All of his roommates were sick of coffee.
1	Maggie has a dog. She takes her dog for walks. They go to the park and play. When they come home Maggie feeds her dog. Maggie and her dog are best friends.
0	Maggie has a dog. She takes her dog for walks. They go to the park and play. When they come home Maggie feeds her dog. Maggie hates to spend time with her smelly dog.
0	Ella was trying to pick a prom dress. She could not decide! So she asked her boyfriend for his opinion. He said she was beautiful in any dress she chose! Ella was mad because her boyfriend was so critical.
1	Ella was trying to pick a prom dress. She could not decide! So she asked her boyfriend for his opinion. He said she was beautiful in any dress she chose! Ella realized it really didn't matter what dress she chose.
1	Ben decided to get more fit for 2016. He planned to work out at least 4 times a week. Ben decided to wait until next Monday to start working out. Monday has passed and Ben still hasn't started his workout plan. Ben never starts working out.
0	Ben decided to get more fit for 2016. He planned to work out at least 4 times a week. Ben decided to wait until next Monday to start working out. Monday has passed and Ben still hasn't started his workout plan. Ben goes to the gym every day.
1	A G Bear is a teddy bear with a box. It talks back to you in gibberish. I bought one for my wife when we were young. She gave it to our daughter when she was three. Our daughter was very thankful for the gift.
0	A G Bear is a teddy bear with a box. It talks back to you in gibberish. I bought one for my wife when we were young. She gave it to our daughter when she was three. Our daughter felt depressed.
1	Chris had a lot of chickens. He gathered eggs from them every day. He took the eggs down to the farmer's market. Everyone loved Chris's eggs and paid a lot of money for them. Chris then opened a business and became successful.
0	Chris had a lot of chickens. He gathered eggs from them every day. He took the eggs down to the farmer's market. Everyone loved Chris's eggs and paid a lot of money for them. Chris could not sell any eggs.
1	My daughter was celebrating her 6th birthday. We decided to have a party for her and her friends at an art studio. All her friends arrived and waited for the instructions. Each friend listened to directions on how to paint their picture. After listening, the kids then made wonderful art.
0	My daughter was celebrating her 6th birthday. We decided to have a party for her and her friends at an art studio. All her friends arrived and waited for the instructions. Each friend listened to directions on how to paint their picture. The kids then began to write their own songs.
0	My mom was driving to the store last night. She stopped at a light and couple of guys ran up to her door. They put a gun to her head and told her to get out of the car. They took it and drove off. Mom slapped Chief Brody for not closing the  beaches.
1	My mom was driving to the store last night. She stopped at a light and couple of guys ran up to her door. They put a gun to her head and told her to get out of the car. They took it and drove off. Mom will never shop at that store at night again.
0	Sal was playing his game constantly. He could not beat level 9 for anything! Then his cousin came over and offered to help him. The two boys played side by side. They spent the afternoon reading books together.
1	Sal was playing his game constantly. He could not beat level 9 for anything! Then his cousin came over and offered to help him. The two boys played side by side. Finally Sal got to the next level with the help of his cousin.
1	Will used to work for a coal mining company. He was a manager. He quit last year. He said that he couldn't deal with those people. After he quit, he managed to find a better job.
0	Will used to work for a coal mining company. He was a manager. He quit last year. He said that he couldn't deal with those people. Will was then fired from his job.
0	Bob was a hoarder. He collected a lot of useless things inside his home. His home was beginning to pile up with garbage. Bob decided to call a professional cleaning service. Bob proudly showed his house to the cleaners.
1	Bob was a hoarder. He collected a lot of useless things inside his home. His home was beginning to pile up with garbage. Bob decided to call a professional cleaning service. Bob was nervous about what the cleaners would think of him.
1	I asked my girlfriend to prom in a very creative way. She said yes! I got a tuxedo and she got a beautiful dress. At prom, we were named prom king and prom queen! It was a spectacular and memorable night.
0	I asked my girlfriend to prom in a very creative way. She said yes! I got a tuxedo and she got a beautiful dress. At prom, we were named prom king and prom queen! My girlfriend did not want to go on anymore dates with me.
0	Today was the first day of fasting. I was in a bad mood since I couldn't eat anything. I tried to go to sleep however, it didn't go well. My friends offered food to me. I did not find the food tempting at all.
1	Today was the first day of fasting. I was in a bad mood since I couldn't eat anything. I tried to go to sleep however, it didn't go well. My friends offered food to me. I gave in and accepted the food since I was hungry.
1	Jane went on a walk. On the walk, she passed an animal shelter. She saw an adorable dog staring back at her in the window. Jane went in and instantly bonded well with the dog. She asked the shelter worker about adopting the dog.
0	Jane went on a walk. On the walk, she passed an animal shelter. She saw an adorable dog staring back at her in the window. Jane went in and instantly bonded well with the dog. She swatted the dog with a newspaper.
0	Rufus had always loved the soothing sounds of a cello playing. He resolved that he would learn cello one day. He enrolled in a cello course and practiced each night. Finally he was an expert at cello. Rufus was not very musical.
1	Rufus had always loved the soothing sounds of a cello playing. He resolved that he would learn cello one day. He enrolled in a cello course and practiced each night. Finally he was an expert at cello. Rufus had determination.
1	Chuck bought a stereo from a store today. He went home and set it all up and was excited to play his music. As soon as he play the first song one of the speakers broke. Chuck was upset and returned to the store with the broken stereo. The story quickly replaced his stereo.
0	Chuck bought a stereo from a store today. He went home and set it all up and was excited to play his music. As soon as he play the first song one of the speakers broke. Chuck was upset and returned to the store with the broken stereo. The stereo was perfectly fine.
1	Molly was picking up her son's birthday cake at the store. She didn't bother to check the box before she left. When she got home, she opened the box. Then, she realized she had picked up the wrong cake. Fortunately, her son was too young to remember her mistake.
0	Molly was picking up her son's birthday cake at the store. She didn't bother to check the box before she left. When she got home, she opened the box. Then, she realized she had picked up the wrong cake. She was very proud of herself.
0	Kate was having a school fundraiser for Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Kate was selling the doughnuts for band uniforms. In addition, the top seller would get a monetary prize. Kate worked hard over the next two weeks selling doughnuts. Kate did not sell any doughnuts.
1	Kate was having a school fundraiser for Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Kate was selling the doughnuts for band uniforms. In addition, the top seller would get a monetary prize. Kate worked hard over the next two weeks selling doughnuts. Kate won one hundred dollars.
1	Ed wanted to make homemade juice for his family. He bought a bag of oranges and juiced them. Then he chilled the juice overnight. In the morning, he served it to his family. His family loved it.
0	Ed wanted to make homemade juice for his family. He bought a bag of oranges and juiced them. Then he chilled the juice overnight. In the morning, he served it to his family. It was the best apple juice that they had ever had.
0	Lily always loved to read. She wondered sometimes, what it would be like to write a book? She decided to take a course on fiction writing. Lily did well in the course, and during it, wrote a short book. Lily hated writing.
1	Lily always loved to read. She wondered sometimes, what it would be like to write a book? She decided to take a course on fiction writing. Lily did well in the course, and during it, wrote a short book. Lily enjoyed writing the book.
1	Drew order a small ice cream cone at the Drive Thru. He drove to the front window to wait for his order. The cashier handed the ice cream with one of her hands. Drew took the ice cream cone and turned it upside down. Drew made a mess.
0	Drew order a small ice cream cone at the Drive Thru. He drove to the front window to wait for his order. The cashier handed the ice cream with one of her hands. Drew took the ice cream cone and turned it upside down. Drew kept his car clean this way.
0	Sally was trying to take the dog for a walk. She had her phone in her hand. The dog jerked hard on the leash. The phone went flying. Sally was happy.
1	Sally was trying to take the dog for a walk. She had her phone in her hand. The dog jerked hard on the leash. The phone went flying. The phone broke.
0	Gordon needed to mow the lawn. He got the lawn mower out of the shed. He filled the mower with gasoline and oil. He yanked on the starting cord to start the engine. Gordon thought overgrown grass was rustic and appealing.
1	Gordon needed to mow the lawn. He got the lawn mower out of the shed. He filled the mower with gasoline and oil. He yanked on the starting cord to start the engine. The engine roared and off Gordon went.
1	The woman hated uncertainty. She especially hated it today, while waiting for the bus. The bus was late, and if she didn't start walking soon, she'd be late. She knew if she started walking now, she'd make it to work on time. So, Mary decided to walk to work rather than wait for the bus.
0	The woman hated uncertainty. She especially hated it today, while waiting for the bus. The bus was late, and if she didn't start walking soon, she'd be late. She knew if she started walking now, she'd make it to work on time. So, Mary decided to go get a coffee rather than wait for the bus.
0	I had always wanted to make a masterpiece. One day while drinking tea, I had an idea. I went to my computer to begin sketching. The idea came together for a great painting. I could not come up with any ideas.
1	I had always wanted to make a masterpiece. One day while drinking tea, I had an idea. I went to my computer to begin sketching. The idea came together for a great painting. I made the painting and felt proud.
0	Dawn was envious of Cora's new car. On halloween night, Dawn keyed the car. Cora was crushed. She had completely no idea who may have done it. Cora then confronted Dawn about doing it.
1	Dawn was envious of Cora's new car. On halloween night, Dawn keyed the car. Cora was crushed. She had completely no idea who may have done it. Dawn felt happy about getting away with it.
0	Sam vowed to try something new at the dinner party tonight. He saw shrimp cocktail appetizers and decided to try those. He lifted a shrimp to his mouth cautiously. As he chewed it, his face broke into a grin. Sam hated it.
1	Sam vowed to try something new at the dinner party tonight. He saw shrimp cocktail appetizers and decided to try those. He lifted a shrimp to his mouth cautiously. As he chewed it, his face broke into a grin. Sam liked it.
0	Alma was at a restaurant by herself. A guy saw her by herself and asked her if he could sit with her. They started talking and realized that they had a connection. She gave him her number and they started going out on dates. Alma wished she had never gone to that restaurant.
1	Alma was at a restaurant by herself. A guy saw her by herself and asked her if he could sit with her. They started talking and realized that they had a connection. She gave him her number and they started going out on dates. A year later they were married.
1	Tim loves to drink coffee. He goes to the same place every morning and orders the same coffee. He goes there so much that the barista already has his order made. This makes things very convenient for Tim and he gives her good tips. Tim is happy to go to the coffee shop every day .
0	Tim loves to drink coffee. He goes to the same place every morning and orders the same coffee. He goes there so much that the barista already has his order made. This makes things very convenient for Tim and he gives her good tips. Tim opens his own coffee shop across the street.
0	I went to the wine cellar to check on my wine. I rolled out the barrel and stood it upright. I popped off the cork on the barrel. Into the barrel I plunged a cup on a string. The cake still wasn't prepared correctly.
1	I went to the wine cellar to check on my wine. I rolled out the barrel and stood it upright. I popped off the cork on the barrel. Into the barrel I plunged a cup on a string. The wine tasted delicious, which made me very happy.
0	A husband and his wife are looking for a new home. They drive around their desired neighborhood to view the real estate. They find a particular house that they really like for sale. They call the number on the sign to inquire about the house. They buy a yacht.
1	A husband and his wife are looking for a new home. They drive around their desired neighborhood to view the real estate. They find a particular house that they really like for sale. They call the number on the sign to inquire about the house. They find out the house has already been sold.
0	Kate and Greg went to a little candy shop together. They looked around at their options and made their choice. They went up to the cashier and said what they wanted. The cashier, with unwashed hands, bagged the candy without gloves. Kate and Greg licked the candy gleefully.
1	Kate and Greg went to a little candy shop together. They looked around at their options and made their choice. They went up to the cashier and said what they wanted. The cashier, with unwashed hands, bagged the candy without gloves. Afraid of germs, Kate and Greg threw the candy in the trash.
0	Larry loved making music. He especially liked remixing other people's work. He would upload his stuff to youtube. Eventually he was sued by too many other artists. Larry enjoyed the interaction he received from those artists.
1	Larry loved making music. He especially liked remixing other people's work. He would upload his stuff to youtube. Eventually he was sued by too many other artists. Larry learned a lot about copyright from his experience.
0	Tim and John decided to drive to their favorite amusement park. On the way their car started to overheat and it broke down. They found a mechanic to fix the car but it would take a day. So they found a resort with a pool and swam the day away. They decided to never return to the resort.
1	Tim and John decided to drive to their favorite amusement park. On the way their car started to overheat and it broke down. They found a mechanic to fix the car but it would take a day. So they found a resort with a pool and swam the day away. They had more fun at the resort than they would have at the park.
0	I went out to a casual dinner with a group of friends. We went to a local Mexican restaurant. I had nachos and a couple of beers. We talked and laughed for a couple of hours. I slammed down a glass and stormed out of the restaurant.
1	I went out to a casual dinner with a group of friends. We went to a local Mexican restaurant. I had nachos and a couple of beers. We talked and laughed for a couple of hours. We had a great time together.
0	Proactiv was advertising their products on television. Considering that my acne is bad, I ordered some of their products. After several weeks, no positive effects were observed. Instead, my face caught a huge rash. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
1	Proactiv was advertising their products on television. Considering that my acne is bad, I ordered some of their products. After several weeks, no positive effects were observed. Instead, my face caught a huge rash. I'll never buy Proactiv again.
1	Amy wanted to be a magician. She practiced every day. Then she put on a magic show for her family. She asked them if they'd been fooled. They said yes!
0	Amy wanted to be a magician. She practiced every day. Then she put on a magic show for her family. She asked them if they'd been fooled. Amy hated her family.
1	Shannon was sad, because she lost her necklace. She thought it might be at work or in her car. Shannon looked all over for the necklace. She didn't find it in the car or at work. So Shannon decided to look for her necklace at home.
0	Shannon was sad, because she lost her necklace. She thought it might be at work or in her car. Shannon looked all over for the necklace. She didn't find it in the car or at work. Shannon bought a dog to replace it.
1	Sandy was at home. Her home was dark. She needed light! Her friend bought her a lamp. Sandy could now see in her home.
0	Sandy was at home. Her home was dark. She needed light! Her friend bought her a lamp. Sandy still could not see in her home!
0	Gina lost her key for the 2nd time in 8 months. Last time she replaced it without her parents knowing. But she had no money to buy a new one now. Gina knew her parents would be upset. Her parents stole her key.
1	Gina lost her key for the 2nd time in 8 months. Last time she replaced it without her parents knowing. But she had no money to buy a new one now. Gina knew her parents would be upset. So she borrowed the money from a friend.
0	Hank decided on a new car. But he wasn't sure which color to pick. He thought of how elegant white would look. So he decided to choose white. Hank bought a black car.
1	Hank decided on a new car. But he wasn't sure which color to pick. He thought of how elegant white would look. So he decided to choose white. Hank was disappointed there weren't any white cars left in stock.
0	"I sent flowers and a cookie to my wife today. Valentine's Day is Sunday but I sent things to her work. The flowers were roses in a glass vase. The cookie said ""Happy Valentine's Day."" It's bound to be the best Christmas ever."
1	"I sent flowers and a cookie to my wife today. Valentine's Day is Sunday but I sent things to her work. The flowers were roses in a glass vase. The cookie said ""Happy Valentine's Day."" I think she'll be surprised and delighted by all of it."
0	Clayton wants a car so that he can feel more independent. He begins saving more money from his job at the library. Clayton researches different car types. Finally he decides to buy a small sedan. Clayton gives his car away.
1	Clayton wants a car so that he can feel more independent. He begins saving more money from his job at the library. Clayton researches different car types. Finally he decides to buy a small sedan. Clayton is very happy with his new car.
1	Horatio had always been afraid of spending time in big cities. His friends and family encouraged him to try visiting a city. Finally he took their advice and booked a bus ticket to Boston. Once there, Horatio found Boston to be fun and friendly. Now Horatio enjoys traveling to many big cities.
0	Horatio had always been afraid of spending time in big cities. His friends and family encouraged him to try visiting a city. Finally he took their advice and booked a bus ticket to Boston. Once there, Horatio found Boston to be fun and friendly. Horatio will never travel to a big city again.
0	Arnold was scared of frogs. One day he went out to his backyard. He started playing. He saw a frog jump out of no where. He jumped up and several of the bees stung him.
1	Arnold was scared of frogs. One day he went out to his backyard. He started playing. He saw a frog jump out of no where. He jumped, startled and ran for his house.
0	All of the Ross family has red hair, except Henry. Henry has blonde hair that is very curly. Henry's father often teases Henry's mother about the mailman. The mailman has blonde, curly hair, but he is very ugly. Henry wished he looked like the handsome mailman.
1	All of the Ross family has red hair, except Henry. Henry has blonde hair that is very curly. Henry's father often teases Henry's mother about the mailman. The mailman has blonde, curly hair, but he is very ugly. His dad's teasing makes Henry feel bad.
1	Samantha had recently purchased a used car. She loved everything about the car except for the color. She took her car to her local paint shop. She got it painted a bright pink color. Samantha likes the color of her car now.
0	Samantha had recently purchased a used car. She loved everything about the car except for the color. She took her car to her local paint shop. She got it painted a bright pink color. Samantha thinks her bus looks pretty now.
0	Alex wanted to get an A in Economics. It was a very tough course. He studied as much as he could. He did extra credit assignments. Alex skipped his Economics class because it was so hard.
1	Alex wanted to get an A in Economics. It was a very tough course. He studied as much as he could. He did extra credit assignments. Alex started a home business as one extra credit assignment.
1	It was a very hot day. But Ivan wanted to eat chicken. So he baked some chicken in the oven. Everyone else in the house complained that it was too hot. Ivan apologized and turned the oven off.
0	It was a very hot day. But Ivan wanted to eat chicken. So he baked some chicken in the oven. Everyone else in the house complained that it was too hot. They were all pleased that Ivan had turned on the oven.
0	Molly's computer broke last week and she knew she needed a new one. Her computer had fallen off of the table on accident. Molly went to the store to look for a new computer to buy. She wasn't sure which one was the best so she asked the worker. The worker told Molly to keep using the computer she had at home.
1	Molly's computer broke last week and she knew she needed a new one. Her computer had fallen off of the table on accident. Molly went to the store to look for a new computer to buy. She wasn't sure which one was the best so she asked the worker. The worker recommended a few different computers to Molly.
1	One day Wesley's auntie came over to visit. He was happy to see her, because he liked to play with her. When she starting to give his little sister attention, he got jealous. He got angry at his auntie and bit her hand when she wasn't looking. He was scolded.
0	One day Wesley's auntie came over to visit. He was happy to see her, because he liked to play with her. When she starting to give his little sister attention, he got jealous. He got angry at his auntie and bit her hand when she wasn't looking. She gave him a cookie for being so nice.
1	Greg wanted to leave the city and become a pig farmer. He thought pigs were noble creatures. He thought farming was a respectable profession. Greg quit his job as a pharmacist. Before long, he was a happy and successful pig farmer.
0	Greg wanted to leave the city and become a pig farmer. He thought pigs were noble creatures. He thought farming was a respectable profession. Greg quit his job as a pharmacist. Greg got a job at a competing pharmacy for more money.
1	A man made a small mark on the back of a playing card. He slid it into the deck without anyone noticing. During a game he saw the card on the top of the deck. The man made a large bet. The man was caught cheating.
0	A man made a small mark on the back of a playing card. He slid it into the deck without anyone noticing. During a game he saw the card on the top of the deck. The man made a large bet. The man was glad he didn't cheat.
1	Maya was walking home one night from work. She fumbled with her keys while trying to get into her car. Someone began approaching her from a dark alley. Frightened, she quickly got into her car and started it. Maya felt scared.
0	Maya was walking home one night from work. She fumbled with her keys while trying to get into her car. Someone began approaching her from a dark alley. Frightened, she quickly got into her car and started it. Maya started to laugh.
0	Gina wanted to watch a show that her siblings didn't. They refused to watch what she wanted. Her mom and dad were watching TV in the living room. Gina decided to watch her show in their room. Her mom and dad were ashamed of her.
1	Gina wanted to watch a show that her siblings didn't. They refused to watch what she wanted. Her mom and dad were watching TV in the living room. Gina decided to watch her show in their room. Gina was happy that she got to see her show.
1	Anna and Liv were in a contest to see who could a better math grade. Anna studied at least 5 nights every week for the whole semester. Liv, who was much better in math, studied only three or four times. Anna received a grade of 99 and Live only got a 93. Anna was proud of her hard work paying off.
0	Anna and Liv were in a contest to see who could a better math grade. Anna studied at least 5 nights every week for the whole semester. Liv, who was much better in math, studied only three or four times. Anna received a grade of 99 and Live only got a 93. Anna was upset about doing poorly.
1	Neil stared in horror at his plate. The slimy pile of eggplant seemed to stare back at him. No way could he eat that! Spying his dog under the table, he began slipping pieces to it. Neil fed the dog all of his eggplant.
0	Neil stared in horror at his plate. The slimy pile of eggplant seemed to stare back at him. No way could he eat that! Spying his dog under the table, he began slipping pieces to it. Neil then decided to eat the eggplant himself.
1	Cara wanted new kitchen cabinets. She told her husband. He looked at how-to videos. He decided it looked like a simple enough job. Cara's husband decided to go buy wood.
0	Cara wanted new kitchen cabinets. She told her husband. He looked at how-to videos. He decided it looked like a simple enough job. Cara's husband decided to go back to college.
0	The school class took a field trip to an abandoned mine. Their geology teacher told them to look for interesting rocks. A girl in the class tripped over what looked to be a white rock. It turned out to be a really old dinosaur fossil! The teacher yelled at the girl who had tripped.
1	The school class took a field trip to an abandoned mine. Their geology teacher told them to look for interesting rocks. A girl in the class tripped over what looked to be a white rock. It turned out to be a really old dinosaur fossil! Everyone in the class was very excited!
1	Tanya wanted to see her sister. She took a plane. She watched a movie on the plane. She listened to music. She arrived to her sister's house afterwards.
0	Tanya wanted to see her sister. She took a plane. She watched a movie on the plane. She listened to music. Tanya never saw her sister again.
0	My husband is lazy. He never wants to clean up. He likes to leave dirty dishes in the sink. i hate cleaning up his messes. My husband loves to clean the dishes,
1	My husband is lazy. He never wants to clean up. He likes to leave dirty dishes in the sink. i hate cleaning up his messes. But I do it anyway because I'm afraid he will leave me.
1	Joe pressed the pause button. He wasn't very interesting in the movie that he was watching. He began to think about everything that was wrong in his life. Too bad life has no pause button, he thought. He sighed and kept watching the movie.
0	Joe pressed the pause button. He wasn't very interesting in the movie that he was watching. He began to think about everything that was wrong in his life. Too bad life has no pause button, he thought. Joe found the movie very interesting and hated the pause button.
1	John took Sarah out on a first date at a restaurant. He ordered her his favorite entree, a pork dish. Sarah took a bite and her face swelled up. She asked if there was pineapple in the dish. He said yes.
0	John took Sarah out on a first date at a restaurant. He ordered her his favorite entree, a pork dish. Sarah took a bite and her face swelled up. She asked if there was pineapple in the dish. Sarah told John that she loves pineapple.
1	Sarah didn't like the food her school served besides the burritos. So she only bought lunch when they were serving them. But one day, it was announced that they would no longer serve them. Sarah recorded herself eating her last school burrito. Sarah save the video.
0	Sarah didn't like the food her school served besides the burritos. So she only bought lunch when they were serving them. But one day, it was announced that they would no longer serve them. Sarah recorded herself eating her last school burrito. Sarah ate all the burritos.
1	Amy wanted to make waffles for breakfast. She whipped up some batter quickly. She poured the batter into the maker. When she was eating them there were lumps of dry batter. Amy was disappointed.
0	Amy wanted to make waffles for breakfast. She whipped up some batter quickly. She poured the batter into the maker. When she was eating them there were lumps of dry batter. Amy thought they tasted great.
1	A family was driving home from vacation in Florida. They noticed a space museum and decided to stop. They went inside and checked out all of the exhibits. After that, they watched a movie about space. The family was glad they spotted the museum.
0	A family was driving home from vacation in Florida. They noticed a space museum and decided to stop. They went inside and checked out all of the exhibits. After that, they watched a movie about space. The family felt they had wasted their time.
0	Jean was delighted to receive a pet anole for her birthday. This was the first pet her mother had ever let her have. The next day, there was a white egg in the cage! Jean waited with anticipation, hoping the egg would hatch. Jean dropped a letter in the mailbox.
1	Jean was delighted to receive a pet anole for her birthday. This was the first pet her mother had ever let her have. The next day, there was a white egg in the cage! Jean waited with anticipation, hoping the egg would hatch. Soon, Jean had two pet anoles.
1	Petey held the high score in the pizza parlor's arcade cabinet. It was a campaign fighting game from the 80s. One day Petey went in and the machine was gone. The staff informed him that it had broken down. Petey was so disappointed that the game was gone.
0	Petey held the high score in the pizza parlor's arcade cabinet. It was a campaign fighting game from the 80s. One day Petey went in and the machine was gone. The staff informed him that it had broken down. Petey was very happy that the game was gone.
0	Peyton and Tom played football often. Tom always won for many Year's. Peyton never gave up and kept practicing. Peyton finally beat Tom at a game of football. Tom dropped to a knee and asked Peyton to marry him.
1	Peyton and Tom played football often. Tom always won for many Year's. Peyton never gave up and kept practicing. Peyton finally beat Tom at a game of football. Tom was a bad sport and punched Peyton in the face.
0	Pam was in love with Josh but she didn't know how to get his attention. She talked to her friends, and she talked to her parents. They all offered advice that didn't quite work for her. Finally, she just went up to him and told him her feelings. Pam's friends won't talk to her anymore.
1	Pam was in love with Josh but she didn't know how to get his attention. She talked to her friends, and she talked to her parents. They all offered advice that didn't quite work for her. Finally, she just went up to him and told him her feelings. Josh revealed he was in love with Pam too.
1	All was not a good bowler. She was lucky if her balls stayed out of the gutter. On her last frame of the day she rolled the ball. It went straight down the center. All got a strike and was very happy.
0	All was not a good bowler. She was lucky if her balls stayed out of the gutter. On her last frame of the day she rolled the ball. It went straight down the center. All was sad at the possibility of getting a strike.
0	Roberto knew that one day he wanted to be a boxer. Coaches told him he was too old to become a boxer. However, Roberto trained very hard to become a great boxer. Eventually he opened his own boxing gym. Roberto was disappointed.
1	Roberto knew that one day he wanted to be a boxer. Coaches told him he was too old to become a boxer. However, Roberto trained very hard to become a great boxer. Eventually he opened his own boxing gym. Roberto liked to train others how to box.
1	Eric had worked at a large law firm for 30 years. On his 68th birthday he had decided it was time to retire. His friends threw him a large party. They gave him many gifts and they shared old stories. Eric then left work to go settle down.
0	Eric had worked at a large law firm for 30 years. On his 68th birthday he had decided it was time to retire. His friends threw him a large party. They gave him many gifts and they shared old stories. Eric then worked harder than ever and got promoted.
1	I brought home a stray cat to my girlfriend. She always told me she loved cats. I thought I was about to get a ton of boyfriend points. I must have miss a key detail in her cat story. She was mad when I showed it to her.
0	I brought home a stray cat to my girlfriend. She always told me she loved cats. I thought I was about to get a ton of boyfriend points. I must have miss a key detail in her cat story. She was happy.
0	Jane always jogged through the same neighborhood. One day there was a big scary dog, but it was being led on a leash. The dog got away and lunged at Jane, leash trailing behind. Jane needed stitches on her arm from the bite. Jane decided not to go swimming anymore.
1	Jane always jogged through the same neighborhood. One day there was a big scary dog, but it was being led on a leash. The dog got away and lunged at Jane, leash trailing behind. Jane needed stitches on her arm from the bite. After that, she decided to carry mace with her when jogging.
0	Susie got a baby goat at the fair. She brought it home. Her mom said she had to keep it outside. Susie was worried about the goat. Susie was angry at the goat.
1	Susie got a baby goat at the fair. She brought it home. Her mom said she had to keep it outside. Susie was worried about the goat. Susie loved the goat very much.
1	Deb always dreamed of getting married and buying a large house. After she met the love of her life she was ready to start a family. Deb knew that the first step was to buy a home. She quickly started to search for the perfect home. She found a wonderful home right by her job.
0	Deb always dreamed of getting married and buying a large house. After she met the love of her life she was ready to start a family. Deb knew that the first step was to buy a home. She quickly started to search for the perfect home. Deb wanted to meet new people.
0	There were two students named Alex in the math class. One was a boy but the other was a girl. One day the teacher announced that Alex had achieved a perfect test. The boy named Alex assumed he was the one who had scored perfectly. Both of them did not do well on the test.
1	There were two students named Alex in the math class. One was a boy but the other was a girl. One day the teacher announced that Alex had achieved a perfect test. The boy named Alex assumed he was the one who had scored perfectly. Unfortunately, it was the girl who scored well.
1	Tom wanted an iced latte. So he went to a coffee shop and ordered one. But over half of it was ice. Tom complained. They gave Tom a new latte with less ice.
0	Tom wanted an iced latte. So he went to a coffee shop and ordered one. But over half of it was ice. Tom complained. They gave Tom a new latte with more ice.
0	Andrew saw this day coming. He had to quit his job. He hasn't made a sale in two weeks. His boss asked him what was he going to do? Andrew's boss gave him a raise for his excellent performance.
1	Andrew saw this day coming. He had to quit his job. He hasn't made a sale in two weeks. His boss asked him what was he going to do? Andrew said that he was going to have to find a new career.
0	The black cat saw a small object moving in the grass. The object was fluttering and darting erratically. The cat crouched down and carefully stalked its prey. Suddenly, he pounced! The cat jumped in the opposite direction.
1	The black cat saw a small object moving in the grass. The object was fluttering and darting erratically. The cat crouched down and carefully stalked its prey. Suddenly, he pounced! The cat caught a mouse.
0	I played in a fantasy basketball league this season. I've played fantasy football but never fantasy basketball before. I don't like it as much as football because there are too many games. The season is longer and it's basically down to pure luck to win. I decided to drink some margaritas that night.
1	I played in a fantasy basketball league this season. I've played fantasy football but never fantasy basketball before. I don't like it as much as football because there are too many games. The season is longer and it's basically down to pure luck to win. I called my friend who loves basketball and asked him for help.
1	Last week I had a small heart attack. They called an ambulance to take me to the hospital. I refused and asked someone to drive instead. I didn't want to pay for all that. I was lucky to make it to the hospital.
0	Last week I had a small heart attack. They called an ambulance to take me to the hospital. I refused and asked someone to drive instead. I didn't want to pay for all that. I prefer to take an ambulances.
1	Kyrie saw a mouse in her house. She screamed, because she is afraid of mice. Her cat came and killed the mouse. Then, the cat tried to give it to Kyrie. Kyrie yelped and ran away from her cat.
0	Kyrie saw a mouse in her house. She screamed, because she is afraid of mice. Her cat came and killed the mouse. Then, the cat tried to give it to Kyrie. Kyrie and the mouse then played.
1	10-year-old Billy's uncle sent him a collectible coin every birthday. Billy showed off the collection to some boys from school. One of the boys told Billy he had a baseball for sale. Billy really wanted the baseball. Billy exchanged several of his coins for the baseball.
0	10-year-old Billy's uncle sent him a collectible coin every birthday. Billy showed off the collection to some boys from school. One of the boys told Billy he had a baseball for sale. Billy really wanted the baseball. Billy told the boy the baseball was stupid.
0	Kim's friends invited her to the beach. But she was too embarrassed to to wear a bathing suit. Kim looked at herself in the mirror and cried. Kim went to the beach but decided not to go swimming. Kim loved her body shape.
1	Kim's friends invited her to the beach. But she was too embarrassed to to wear a bathing suit. Kim looked at herself in the mirror and cried. Kim went to the beach but decided not to go swimming. Kim had body image issues.
0	Lucy was nervous during her first job interview. She answered all of the questions accurately. Lucy waited for three days after the interview to contact the company. The company notified her that the job was hers. Lucy was so disappointed.
1	Lucy was nervous during her first job interview. She answered all of the questions accurately. Lucy waited for three days after the interview to contact the company. The company notified her that the job was hers. Lucy was ecstatic!
0	"For months, Jill was asking her parents if they could adopt a cat. Her mom and dad would always say, maybe some day. Then, for her birthday, Jill asked them again, can we get a cat? Her mom and dad responded, ""go check in your room."" Jill ran for president."
1	"For months, Jill was asking her parents if they could adopt a cat. Her mom and dad would always say, maybe some day. Then, for her birthday, Jill asked them again, can we get a cat? Her mom and dad responded, ""go check in your room."" Sitting on her bed was a small, grey kitten."
1	Ben went to the DMV to get his License. The instructor gave Ben a passing grade at the end. Excited, Ben calls up his father to tell him the good news. Ben father never picked up, he died in a car accident that day. Ben was devastated.
0	Ben went to the DMV to get his License. The instructor gave Ben a passing grade at the end. Excited, Ben calls up his father to tell him the good news. Ben father never picked up, he died in a car accident that day. Ben decided to become a commercial driver.
0	Kimmy was on a trip to Paris. Her plane had just landed and she and her classmates her excited. They couldn't wait to start seeing museums and churches! They spent lots of time shopping and seeing historical sites. Kim vowed to never return to Paris.
1	Kimmy was on a trip to Paris. Her plane had just landed and she and her classmates her excited. They couldn't wait to start seeing museums and churches! They spent lots of time shopping and seeing historical sites. Kimmy was very excited.
1	Colin started fifth grade at a new school. He was very shy. He thought no one would befriend him due to his shyness. But Colin's classmates were encouraging and kind. Colin made lots of friends.
0	Colin started fifth grade at a new school. He was very shy. He thought no one would befriend him due to his shyness. But Colin's classmates were encouraging and kind. All the kids at Colin's school hated him.
1	My friend got me a planter as a housewarming gift. It's small and cute and fits in nicely with my decor. But I'm still not sure where to put it. I hope he doesn't get sad. I'm sure I'll figure out a place for it eventually.
0	My friend got me a planter as a housewarming gift. It's small and cute and fits in nicely with my decor. But I'm still not sure where to put it. I hope he doesn't get sad. The picture has a very nice frame, in my opinion.
1	My wife is expecting our first child. She is glowing and I love her more everyday. She loves to post pictures of her belly on Facebook. She gets so many likes and positive comments. We are happy about having a child.
0	My wife is expecting our first child. She is glowing and I love her more everyday. She loves to post pictures of her belly on Facebook. She gets so many likes and positive comments. We are sad about having a child.
0	Bob went to the gas station to fill up his car. His tank was completely empty and so was his wallet. The cashier offered to pay for his gas if he came back later to pay. Bob felt grateful as he drove home. Bob contemplated how unfriendly the world was.
1	Bob went to the gas station to fill up his car. His tank was completely empty and so was his wallet. The cashier offered to pay for his gas if he came back later to pay. Bob felt grateful as he drove home. Bob believed that there were good people in the world.
1	Tom and Casey have been married for twenty years. Tom had an affair with Susan. Casey caught Tom and Susan on a dinner date. Casey camped outside in front of the cafe. When they exited the cafe, Casey confronted Tom.
0	Tom and Casey have been married for twenty years. Tom had an affair with Susan. Casey caught Tom and Susan on a dinner date. Casey camped outside in front of the cafe. Casey congratulated Tom and Susan when they came out.
1	This morning I was running late for work. I decided to get a coffee at the gas station. They only had decaf left. I was really upset while pumping gas. I decided to head to Starbucks instead.
0	This morning I was running late for work. I decided to get a coffee at the gas station. They only had decaf left. I was really upset while pumping gas. I never drank coffee.
1	Sarah was home alone. She wanted to stay busy. She turned on the TV. She found a reality show to watch. Sarah then happily watched the show.
0	Sarah was home alone. She wanted to stay busy. She turned on the TV. She found a reality show to watch. Sarah could not find anything to watch.
1	Benny was a track star at his school who suffered an injury. This injury put him out of commission for three weeks. He wasn't sure of he could make the comeback he needed to go to state. He put in the work every day and came back ahead of schedule. Benny's team won the title.
0	Benny was a track star at his school who suffered an injury. This injury put him out of commission for three weeks. He wasn't sure of he could make the comeback he needed to go to state. He put in the work every day and came back ahead of schedule. Benny decided to quit running.
1	Danny never liked to eat peas. He told his mom that the peas were too slimy. One day his mom made him eat the peas on his plate. Danny hated every minute of it. Danny never ate peas again.
0	Danny never liked to eat peas. He told his mom that the peas were too slimy. One day his mom made him eat the peas on his plate. Danny hated every minute of it. Danny asked for more peas.
1	I went to the post office yesterday. It took a while to get there since it's on the other side of town. Once I got there I mailed my letters and headed home. It's always easier to get home than to get somewhere. I was so happy when I made it back to my house.
0	I went to the post office yesterday. It took a while to get there since it's on the other side of town. Once I got there I mailed my letters and headed home. It's always easier to get home than to get somewhere. I could not find my way back from the post office.
1	A Kindergarten teacher refilled her pencil cup every morning. By lunch, the cup was always nearly empty. She repeatedly asked her students not to take the pencils home. No matter how much she pleaded, the students put them in their bags. The teacher eventually stopped putting her pencil cup out.
0	A Kindergarten teacher refilled her pencil cup every morning. By lunch, the cup was always nearly empty. She repeatedly asked her students not to take the pencils home. No matter how much she pleaded, the students put them in their bags. The teacher rewarded everyone with candy.
1	Tom wanted to enjoy his racing games more. So he bought a racing wheel for his computer. After some struggling, he successfully set it up. And he had lots of fun using it. Tom decided to buy more racing games to enjoy the wheel with.
0	Tom wanted to enjoy his racing games more. So he bought a racing wheel for his computer. After some struggling, he successfully set it up. And he had lots of fun using it. Tom broke the wheel because he didn't like racing games.
1	Kevin decided to take his girlfriend ice skating. The two of them had so much fun at the rink. They held hands and skated around. One time they fell but got back up. Kevin and his girlfriend liked doing things together.
0	Kevin decided to take his girlfriend ice skating. The two of them had so much fun at the rink. They held hands and skated around. One time they fell but got back up. Kevin and his girlfriend never got along.
0	My cousins kept getting sick. The doctors couldn't figure out why. Eventually they started testing their water. It turned out to be contaminated. My cousins started drinking more water.
1	My cousins kept getting sick. The doctors couldn't figure out why. Eventually they started testing their water. It turned out to be contaminated. My cousins sued the water company.
1	Kimmi really wanted a new cell phone. She asked her father if he could buy one for her. He said no. She decided that she would work to get it for herself. She saved enough money to buy a cell phone on her own.
0	Kimmi really wanted a new cell phone. She asked her father if he could buy one for her. He said no. She decided that she would work to get it for herself. Kim saved up enough money to buy a used car.
0	Gina and Tami stood in the hallway talking. Gina had been tripped by a bully at recess. Tami wanted her to tell a teacher. Gina wasn't sure if this was the way to handle a bully. Gina got her pilot's license the next day.
1	Gina and Tami stood in the hallway talking. Gina had been tripped by a bully at recess. Tami wanted her to tell a teacher. Gina wasn't sure if this was the way to handle a bully. Gina changed her mind after the bully walked by and hit her.
1	Jake needed a bunch of shirts. He went to the store but everything was too expensive. He decided to go to the flea market. They sold shirts five for ten dollars. Jake bought 15 shirts.
0	Jake needed a bunch of shirts. He went to the store but everything was too expensive. He decided to go to the flea market. They sold shirts five for ten dollars. He bought 10 pairs of pants.
1	My brother was trying to connect his glasses together. He placed some super glue over the broken spot. However, his finger got caught in the glue. It started to become hard. My brother freaked out.
0	My brother was trying to connect his glasses together. He placed some super glue over the broken spot. However, his finger got caught in the glue. It started to become hard. My brother kept it that way.
0	Don wanted some excitement one day. He had never skated before, so he wanted to try that. Don found a local skating rink in town. Don drove to the skating rink with his new skates. Don went to eat chicken wings.
1	Don wanted some excitement one day. He had never skated before, so he wanted to try that. Don found a local skating rink in town. Don drove to the skating rink with his new skates. Don had a great time skating for the first time.
0	Bryan took his girlfriend to the movies. They went to a comedy. He bought popcorn and drinks. They laughed a lot. Brian's girlfriend left him.
1	Bryan took his girlfriend to the movies. They went to a comedy. He bought popcorn and drinks. They laughed a lot. Brian and his girlfriend had sex after they got home.
0	Lizzie was in her 90's and the mother of eight adult children. One night Lizzie fell and broke many bones including her neck. She never recovered and passed away a week later in the hospital. Lizzie left no will as she had expected to live much longer. Lizzie left all of her belongings to one child in her will.
1	Lizzie was in her 90's and the mother of eight adult children. One night Lizzie fell and broke many bones including her neck. She never recovered and passed away a week later in the hospital. Lizzie left no will as she had expected to live much longer. Lizzie's children had to negotiate their mother's belongings.
1	Bob decided to start a business. He opened up a grocery store and was doing very well. After a year, his profits dropped and he had to declare bankruptcy. Bob was sad to see his business fail. Bob worked hard and reopened his business.
0	Bob decided to start a business. He opened up a grocery store and was doing very well. After a year, his profits dropped and he had to declare bankruptcy. Bob was sad to see his business fail. Bob's business succeeded.
0	Mike liked basketball. He would always play it everyday during and after school. When the tryouts came he was ready. The coach watched him play and dribble. The coach asked Mike to put on a ballet costume.
1	Mike liked basketball. He would always play it everyday during and after school. When the tryouts came he was ready. The coach watched him play and dribble. The coach told him he'd made the team.
1	Neil was touring the Greek islands. He had rented a small motorboat. He traveled from island to island. Neil was having a wonderful time. He loved the clean, fresh air.
0	Neil was touring the Greek islands. He had rented a small motorboat. He traveled from island to island. Neil was having a wonderful time. The shark in the boat swung his head around and bit his leg.
0	All the girls get together for book club. They read a new book each month. Then meet to discuss it. After twenty minutes it turns into gossip. All the girls quiet book club.
1	All the girls get together for book club. They read a new book each month. Then meet to discuss it. After twenty minutes it turns into gossip. They have fun gossiping.
1	Amy was playing Clue with her friends. She listened to the evidence. Then she reviewed her suspects. Amy decided on her suspect. She won the game by guessing correctly.
0	Amy was playing Clue with her friends. She listened to the evidence. Then she reviewed her suspects. Amy decided on her suspect. She called the police to report the suspected crime.
1	The rich man went to the auction. No one dared to out bid him because they knew they would lose. The rich man bought everything that was up for auction. All the other people got mad that they couldn't win anything. The rich man was hated.
0	The rich man went to the auction. No one dared to out bid him because they knew they would lose. The rich man bought everything that was up for auction. All the other people got mad that they couldn't win anything. Everyone offered to buy the rich man dinner.
1	Opal asked her aunt for her famous beef stew recipe. Her aunt reluctantly copied down the recipe. Opal took it home and tried to replicate the stew. It didn't taste as good as her aunt's masterpiece. Opal asked her aunt to make her some stew.
0	Opal asked her aunt for her famous beef stew recipe. Her aunt reluctantly copied down the recipe. Opal took it home and tried to replicate the stew. It didn't taste as good as her aunt's masterpiece. Opal's stew was better than her aunt's.
1	Linda passed by a bakery she never saw before. And she decided to go inside. She loved muffins. So she ordered a chocolate one and a banana one. She ate them both right away!
0	Linda passed by a bakery she never saw before. And she decided to go inside. She loved muffins. So she ordered a chocolate one and a banana one. Linda did not like bananas.
1	Nelly's family was going on a vacation. Nelly was very excited because she had never been out of the country. When they arrived it was raining. Nelly was disappointed. Nelly wanted nice weather.
0	Nelly's family was going on a vacation. Nelly was very excited because she had never been out of the country. When they arrived it was raining. Nelly was disappointed. Nelly had been looking forward to rain.
1	As a child, we had a peach tree in our backyard. One day, my father told me we would make ice cream with the peaches. We took the peaches and added them to sugar and milk. We took those ingredients and churned them into ice cream. When it was finished, we enjoyed the delicious peach ice cream.
0	As a child, we had a peach tree in our backyard. One day, my father told me we would make ice cream with the peaches. We took the peaches and added them to sugar and milk. We took those ingredients and churned them into ice cream. We threw the ice cream out after it was finished.
1	Ben had a doctor's appointment. He was very scared. He never went to the doctor. He slowly stepped into the office. The doctor greeted him calmly and he felt better.
0	Ben had a doctor's appointment. He was very scared. He never went to the doctor. He slowly stepped into the office. Ben was having so much fun there.
0	Dan was excited to attend the school dance. The school dance was going to be the highlight of Dan's senior year. Dan would get to show off his dancing skills at the dance. In addition, Dan would get to spend time with his friends at the dance. Dan did not like the idea of the dance.
1	Dan was excited to attend the school dance. The school dance was going to be the highlight of Dan's senior year. Dan would get to show off his dancing skills at the dance. In addition, Dan would get to spend time with his friends at the dance. Dan went to the dance and had a lot of fun.
1	Jill was in such a rush to catch the bus that she missed breakfast. In her first class of the day, her stomach kept growling. She wasn't sure she could make it until lunch. Between classes her friend Lou handed her a granola bar. Jill ate it and it kept her going until lunch.
0	Jill was in such a rush to catch the bus that she missed breakfast. In her first class of the day, her stomach kept growling. She wasn't sure she could make it until lunch. Between classes her friend Lou handed her a granola bar. Jill stopped talking to Lou.
1	Ed made beef jerky for a living. He ran the business out of his garage. One day he woke up and noticed his garage jarred open. He looked inside and noticed everything in disarray. Ed was shocked called the police for an investigation.
0	Ed made beef jerky for a living. He ran the business out of his garage. One day he woke up and noticed his garage jarred open. He looked inside and noticed everything in disarray. Ed was delighted to see this.
1	John was going to the park with his dog. On his way there, his dog saw a squirrel. When John's dog jerked on his leash, John accidentally released him. John's dog went and chased after the squirrel for five whole minutes! John's dog was scolded severely.
0	John was going to the park with his dog. On his way there, his dog saw a squirrel. When John's dog jerked on his leash, John accidentally released him. John's dog went and chased after the squirrel for five whole minutes! John's dog fell asleep.
1	Sam has a toothache. He makes a dentist appointment. Sam is very nervous. Sam's dentist is very nice and gentle. Sam was happy with the dentist he chose.
0	Sam has a toothache. He makes a dentist appointment. Sam is very nervous. Sam's dentist is very nice and gentle. Sam's dentist removed all his teeth and made him dentures.
0	Tom rolled his wagon. The wheels then fell off! Tom started crying! Tom's dad fixed the wheels. Tom's dad was not helpful ever.
1	Tom rolled his wagon. The wheels then fell off! Tom started crying! Tom's dad fixed the wheels. Tom's dad was always there for Tom.
1	Jill was hungry. But it was 2 AM. She tried to prepare food quietly. But she caused a lot of noise with pots and pans. She woke up her roommate.
0	Jill was hungry. But it was 2 AM. She tried to prepare food quietly. But she caused a lot of noise with pots and pans. Jill danced with excitement.
0	Paulo loves the way that candles make him feel comfortable. He decided to buy some nice candles for his apartment. Now Paulo lights candles after a stressful day at work. It helps him overcome feelings of anxiety. Paulo hates his candles.
1	Paulo loves the way that candles make him feel comfortable. He decided to buy some nice candles for his apartment. Now Paulo lights candles after a stressful day at work. It helps him overcome feelings of anxiety. Paulo likes his candles.
1	Clint grabbed his gun and dived behind the couch. He winced as the pounding knock came again. He just knew it they'd found him! Another loud knock and Clint cocked his gun. Clint shot wildly as they burst through the door.
0	Clint grabbed his gun and dived behind the couch. He winced as the pounding knock came again. He just knew it they'd found him! Another loud knock and Clint cocked his gun. Clint opened the door and invited them in for drinks.
1	Kayla tried out for American Idol. The judges told her she wasn't quite what they were looking for. Kayla was really bummed but moved on with her life. Weeks later American Idol called her. A new spot had opened up and Kayla could be in the show.
0	Kayla tried out for American Idol. The judges told her she wasn't quite what they were looking for. Kayla was really bummed but moved on with her life. Weeks later American Idol called her. Kayla became obsessed with giraffes and got a job at the zoo.
1	Ralph's beard has become messy and long. He decides that he needs to trim it. He carefully cuts his beard until it is neat and trim. Now Ralph looks much less disheveled. Ralph is glad he looks cleaner.
0	Ralph's beard has become messy and long. He decides that he needs to trim it. He carefully cuts his beard until it is neat and trim. Now Ralph looks much less disheveled. Ralph combed his long beard.
0	Simon had a kitten called Tiny. Tiny was mischievous and often pushed things off of furniture. Once Tiny pushed a glass of the table. Simon's parents walked in and saw the smashed glass on the floor. They loved Tiny.
1	Simon had a kitten called Tiny. Tiny was mischievous and often pushed things off of furniture. Once Tiny pushed a glass of the table. Simon's parents walked in and saw the smashed glass on the floor. Simon's parents were mad at Tiny.
1	David's parents got him a bike. He didn't want one. But he didn't want his gift to go to waste. After learning how to ride the bike, he was glad he had one. David rode his bike every day.
0	David's parents got him a bike. He didn't want one. But he didn't want his gift to go to waste. After learning how to ride the bike, he was glad he had one. David ran away from home.
0	One day, I was eating a burrito when I felt a horrible tooth pain. It hurt so bad I cried. I called my dentist, who let me come in as an emergency. He gave me a root canal then and there. While there I had my toe amputated.
1	One day, I was eating a burrito when I felt a horrible tooth pain. It hurt so bad I cried. I called my dentist, who let me come in as an emergency. He gave me a root canal then and there. I left with a new crown.
1	Walter decided he should do something to help his mother. He decided he would weed the landscaping in the front yard. He worked very hard to pull up all the stray plants he could find. But when his mother came outside, she was not happy! Walter realized he'd accidentally been pulling up her flowers!
0	Walter decided he should do something to help his mother. He decided he would weed the landscaping in the front yard. He worked very hard to pull up all the stray plants he could find. But when his mother came outside, she was not happy! Walter continued to pull up the stray plants.
0	My aunt is a huge marine life lover. She constantly watches documentaries. My uncle decided to surprise her for her birthday. He took her whale watching. She hated it.
1	My aunt is a huge marine life lover. She constantly watches documentaries. My uncle decided to surprise her for her birthday. He took her whale watching. She loved it.
1	Rory loved to eat chocolate. One day, she went to the candy store. She spent all of her allowance on chocolate bars. Rory ate all of the chocolate on the way home. Rory got very sick and vomited all over the sidewalk.
0	Rory loved to eat chocolate. One day, she went to the candy store. She spent all of her allowance on chocolate bars. Rory ate all of the chocolate on the way home. Rory went to a restaurant and ate a huge meal.
0	Thomas would pick on smaller kids at recess with his friends. He did this to try to be cool and fit in with his friends. One day, Thomas hurt himself badly on the playground. His friends left him, but one of the smaller kids helped patch him up. Thomas was grateful his friends were so loyal.
1	Thomas would pick on smaller kids at recess with his friends. He did this to try to be cool and fit in with his friends. One day, Thomas hurt himself badly on the playground. His friends left him, but one of the smaller kids helped patch him up. Thomas became friends with the smaller kid.
0	Mary decided to clean her kitchen. The floor was filthy! She sent her kids outside to play. Then she got on her knees and scrubbed the whole floor. Afterward the floor was sparkling and Mary was furious about it.
1	Mary decided to clean her kitchen. The floor was filthy! She sent her kids outside to play. Then she got on her knees and scrubbed the whole floor. After an hour the floor was gleaming and Mary was very pleased.
0	Amy and Abby were identical twins. When they were 8, they decided to play a trick on their mom. They started responding to each other's names. They wore each other's clothes. The mother put them up for adoption.
1	Amy and Abby were identical twins. When they were 8, they decided to play a trick on their mom. They started responding to each other's names. They wore each other's clothes. Their mom could still tell them apart, though.
0	Gino has been looking for a job for weeks. One day he sees an ad for a job at a pizza restaurant. Although he doesn't have relevant experience, he applies for the job. The owner decides to hire Gino. Gino got the job because of his experience.
1	Gino has been looking for a job for weeks. One day he sees an ad for a job at a pizza restaurant. Although he doesn't have relevant experience, he applies for the job. The owner decides to hire Gino. Geno struggles for a while but gets the hang of it.
1	James woke up and was in a bad mood immediately. He went too fix breakfast and burnt his toast. Then went to get dressed and couldn't find any socks. James decided it was a bad day and he was going back to bed. James woke up later and felt much better.
0	James woke up and was in a bad mood immediately. He went too fix breakfast and burnt his toast. Then went to get dressed and couldn't find any socks. James decided it was a bad day and he was going back to bed. James was having a great morning.
1	Janet worked hard to train for her wrestling meet. When she got there her opponent seemed game. They both tried their hardest. It ended in a tie. Janet was content with the result of the match.
0	Janet worked hard to train for her wrestling meet. When she got there her opponent seemed game. They both tried their hardest. It ended in a tie. Janet won the first place trophy.
0	When the waiter returned to the table the customers looked ready. She asked the woman what she wanted to eat. The woman began to speak and then stopped. She was no longer sure what she wanted. The waiter put the order in.
1	When the waiter returned to the table the customers looked ready. She asked the woman what she wanted to eat. The woman began to speak and then stopped. She was no longer sure what she wanted. The waiter gave them more time.
0	Jack was playing baseball in field near his home. When it was his turn to bat he swung with all his might. He was shocked to see the ball fly past the field. The ball broke the window on his bedroom. Jack swallowed the ball.
1	Jack was playing baseball in field near his home. When it was his turn to bat he swung with all his might. He was shocked to see the ball fly past the field. The ball broke the window on his bedroom. Jack was shook up.
1	Kenya crossed the street in order to walk towards her house. She noticed a strange scarecrow in front of the porch. Since it wasn't moving, she walked past it. However, it jumped as soon as she took her attention away. Kenya screamed.
0	Kenya crossed the street in order to walk towards her house. She noticed a strange scarecrow in front of the porch. Since it wasn't moving, she walked past it. However, it jumped as soon as she took her attention away. Kenya kissed the man under the mask.
1	Rebecca always works very late to get all of her work done. She hopes that the company president notices her hard work. Finally it is announced that Rebecca will be promoted. She cries happy tears knowing that her work is recognized. She called her parents right away to share the good news.
0	Rebecca always works very late to get all of her work done. She hopes that the company president notices her hard work. Finally it is announced that Rebecca will be promoted. She cries happy tears knowing that her work is recognized. She was so embarrassed she didn't tell anyone.
1	The cook pushed deep into the jungle. He ignored the biting insects and sweltering heat. He was determined to find the rare ingredient for his dish. He suddenly gasped in surprise! He found a rare plant.
0	The cook pushed deep into the jungle. He ignored the biting insects and sweltering heat. He was determined to find the rare ingredient for his dish. He suddenly gasped in surprise! He found diced cucumbers.
1	Johnny's girlfriend was sad. Every day she had painful migraines. Eventually it got so bad that Johnny took her to the doctor. They assigned her pills to help her with her migranes. The migraines lessened their intensity.
0	Johnny's girlfriend was sad. Every day she had painful migraines. Eventually it got so bad that Johnny took her to the doctor. They assigned her pills to help her with her migranes. She was sad her migraines went away.
1	Francine was preparing for her first time on a airplane. Francine has never been on a airplane before. Francine conducted research to find out what flying was like. Francine got several tips from the research to make her travel easier. Francine then became more comfortable.
0	Francine was preparing for her first time on a airplane. Francine has never been on a airplane before. Francine conducted research to find out what flying was like. Francine got several tips from the research to make her travel easier. Francine could not find any tips to help her.
1	Manny wanted to get better at making Italian food. He learned how to make noodles from scratch. He learned how to make different sauces. He put on a big Italian dinner for his family. His family loved it.
0	Manny wanted to get better at making Italian food. He learned how to make noodles from scratch. He learned how to make different sauces. He put on a big Italian dinner for his family. He paid the chef $500 to prepare the meal.
1	I woke up on my twenty first birthday excited. I knew that I was going to buy my first beer. I went to the grocery store with my ID. I found a reliable beer and purchased it. I brought the beer home and enjoyed my first legal drink!
0	I woke up on my twenty first birthday excited. I knew that I was going to buy my first beer. I went to the grocery store with my ID. I found a reliable beer and purchased it. I decided not to drink the beer.
0	The Epps go to the ocean for vacation every year. This time they would participate in a sand castle contest. Each family member worked on a different part. The littlest Epps filled the moat with ocean water. They all thought sand castles were stupid.
1	The Epps go to the ocean for vacation every year. This time they would participate in a sand castle contest. Each family member worked on a different part. The littlest Epps filled the moat with ocean water. The finished the castle in two hours.
1	Shawn's pillow is lumpy and old. Sometimes Shawn can't sleep at night. He goes into town to buy a new pillow. Shawn is very excited to sleep tonight! Shawn hopes the pillow works.
0	Shawn's pillow is lumpy and old. Sometimes Shawn can't sleep at night. He goes into town to buy a new pillow. Shawn is very excited to sleep tonight! Shawn hope to return the pillow.
0	Harry was excited to go on a hot air balloon ride. Harry was going with his friend Amanda. Harry and Amanda arrived at the location, and were anxious to get on. Harry was nervous at first, but as they lifted off he was amazed. Harry laughed and popped the balloon with a dart.
1	Harry was excited to go on a hot air balloon ride. Harry was going with his friend Amanda. Harry and Amanda arrived at the location, and were anxious to get on. Harry was nervous at first, but as they lifted off he was amazed. He was happy he decided to go on the balloon ride.
1	Kathy needed to get to work. The ice in the driveway prevented her from moving the car. She tried putting salt, and sand but nothing helped. Finally a neighbor came by to help. The neighbor ended up just driving her to work himself.
0	Kathy needed to get to work. The ice in the driveway prevented her from moving the car. She tried putting salt, and sand but nothing helped. Finally a neighbor came by to help. The neighbor had a history of minor kleptomania.
1	Jarett loaned $200 dollars from me. He told me that he was going to pay me back before the end of the week. The next day, I saw him walking with Tony. He was giving her money. I was very angry at Jarrett.
0	Jarett loaned $200 dollars from me. He told me that he was going to pay me back before the end of the week. The next day, I saw him walking with Tony. He was giving her money. Jarrett did not give Tony money.
0	Amy worked nights at a call center. Since she worked at night she recorded her favorite show on her DVR. Amy was anticipating watching the new episode of her show that evening. Amy tried to watch the show, but she forgot to set the DVR to record. Amy made popcorn.
1	Amy worked nights at a call center. Since she worked at night she recorded her favorite show on her DVR. Amy was anticipating watching the new episode of her show that evening. Amy tried to watch the show, but she forgot to set the DVR to record. Amy went online to watch it instead.
0	Daniel was leaving his house to meet a good friend for drinks. He decided to stop at a Chinese food shop for dumplings. Daniel ate six spicy dumplings at the shop. He left feeling satisfied and full. Starved he order nachos when he reached the bar.
1	Daniel was leaving his house to meet a good friend for drinks. He decided to stop at a Chinese food shop for dumplings. Daniel ate six spicy dumplings at the shop. He left feeling satisfied and full. Daniel always felt that dumplings were a good deal.
1	Last week I tried to make my girlfriend a card. It turned out okay but she knew I made her something. I asked what gave it away. Apparently I was still covered in glitter. My girlfriend was happy that I remembered her birthday.
0	Last week I tried to make my girlfriend a card. It turned out okay but she knew I made her something. I asked what gave it away. Apparently I was still covered in glitter. My girlfriend dumped me for another man.
1	Mustafa had never celebrated christmas as he was a muslim. One day, his boss invited him to a christmas party. Mustafa was unsure at first. Ultimately, he decided to attend the party. He ended up having a wonderful time with his co-workers.
0	Mustafa had never celebrated christmas as he was a muslim. One day, his boss invited him to a christmas party. Mustafa was unsure at first. Ultimately, he decided to attend the party. He had a terrible time at the party.
0	Ed was not doing very well in science class. He knew he had to ace the exam in order to pass. He studied all week before the exam. Then he did his best on the test. Ed's parents grounded him.
1	Ed was not doing very well in science class. He knew he had to ace the exam in order to pass. He studied all week before the exam. Then he did his best on the test. Ed's parents were proud.
1	Felipe had always wanted to try making grits, but hadn't tried. Finally he asked his friend Jasper to help him cook grits one day. They followed each step of the recipe closely. Felipe tried the grits and they were delicious. Felipe wanted to make grits more often.
0	Felipe had always wanted to try making grits, but hadn't tried. Finally he asked his friend Jasper to help him cook grits one day. They followed each step of the recipe closely. Felipe tried the grits and they were delicious. Felipe didn't like grits.
0	Olaf pinched every penny for retirement savings. In fact, he literally collected up every piece of change available. He was stingy with tips and purchases. He rolled his coins and deposited them in the bank. Olaf took a pinch of salt for the roll recipe.
1	Olaf pinched every penny for retirement savings. In fact, he literally collected up every piece of change available. He was stingy with tips and purchases. He rolled his coins and deposited them in the bank. The bank tellers always sighed but didn't mind Olaf.
1	Gina went to the bathroom at her grandma's house. On the way she passed the kitchen. On the table was the remains of a mincemeat pie. Gina hadn't had mincemeat pie in 10 Years. Gina ate some of the mincemeat pie.
0	Gina went to the bathroom at her grandma's house. On the way she passed the kitchen. On the table was the remains of a mincemeat pie. Gina hadn't had mincemeat pie in 10 Years. Gina ate mincemeat pie every day.
0	Taylor spent several hours per day surfing the web on her smartphone. One day she was notified that her phone's internet was cut off. Taylor called her parents to find out what was going on. They told her they wouldn't be paying for her internet anymore. Taylor was delighted by the news.
1	Taylor spent several hours per day surfing the web on her smartphone. One day she was notified that her phone's internet was cut off. Taylor called her parents to find out what was going on. They told her they wouldn't be paying for her internet anymore. So Taylor got a job.
1	Gina was sad. Her first day of high school hadn't turned out as she hoped. She spent most of the day waiting to enroll. She was alone for most of that time, and lunch was lonely too. When Gina went home she cried to her mom.
0	Gina was sad. Her first day of high school hadn't turned out as she hoped. She spent most of the day waiting to enroll. She was alone for most of that time, and lunch was lonely too. When Gina went home she told her mom what a great day she had.
0	Michael had a calendar full of notes. His calendar contained a special date. One  day he accidentally threw his calendar away. Michael ended up missing his date. Michael decided that using calendars wasn't worth it.
1	Michael had a calendar full of notes. His calendar contained a special date. One  day he accidentally threw his calendar away. Michael ended up missing his date. Michael was more careful with his calendars in the future.
1	The new accountant got confused where his desk was. He found his supervisor and asked her where he was to be seated. She walked him to his stationed desk. He sat down and then asked her about the recent assignment. The new accountant wanted to adjust to his surroundings.
0	The new accountant got confused where his desk was. He found his supervisor and asked her where he was to be seated. She walked him to his stationed desk. He sat down and then asked her about the recent assignment. The new accountant told the supervisor he was quitting.
0	Cary went to a karaoke bar and sang horribly one night. Everyone laughed and made her feel sad. Cary found a vocal coach in her home town. After a few lessons she went back to the karaoke bar. Cary danced around the pole to the music.
1	Cary went to a karaoke bar and sang horribly one night. Everyone laughed and made her feel sad. Cary found a vocal coach in her home town. After a few lessons she went back to the karaoke bar. Cary was still terrible and everyone made fun of her again.
1	Aya wanted to grow her own flowers. She bought seeds at the garden store. She planted them and watered them. Soon she had little sprouts! Aya was thrilled!
0	Aya wanted to grow her own flowers. She bought seeds at the garden store. She planted them and watered them. Soon she had little sprouts! Aya hated plants.
1	Liza was surfing one day. Suddenly while paddling, she felt a sharp sting. She looked down and gaped with shock. A shark and nipped off one of her fingers! Liza hurried to shore.
0	Liza was surfing one day. Suddenly while paddling, she felt a sharp sting. She looked down and gaped with shock. A shark and nipped off one of her fingers! Liza gently stroked the shark's fin.
1	My parents split up. My dad went out of state to work. He met a new girl. they fell in love. They got married and had nothing further to do with me.
0	My parents split up. My dad went out of state to work. He met a new girl. they fell in love. They both congratulated me on my marriage.
0	A company came to give a quote on windows. They walked around and measured all the windows. They then sat us down and went over their products. All the options looked great. We were so angry we sent them away immediately.
1	A company came to give a quote on windows. They walked around and measured all the windows. They then sat us down and went over their products. All the options looked great. We had them start the work the next day.
1	Tom wanted to build a boat. He went to the store to buy the wood. Tom couldn't afford all of the supplies. His father helped Tom buy the other supplies. Tom was able to build the boat within one month.
0	Tom wanted to build a boat. He went to the store to buy the wood. Tom couldn't afford all of the supplies. His father helped Tom buy the other supplies. Tom never got the supplies he needed to build the boat.
1	His stomach churned as he raced down the stairs. He knew he must reach the restroom before he became too sick. He leapt down the last steps and flew past a co worker. The restroom was only feet away from him. He barely made it in time.
0	His stomach churned as he raced down the stairs. He knew he must reach the restroom before he became too sick. He leapt down the last steps and flew past a co worker. The restroom was only feet away from him. He decided to go back to work instead.
0	Bradley finished his test. He got up and gave his test paper to the teacher. The next day, he receive his paper. The teacher gave him a D. Bradley passed and did well.
1	Bradley finished his test. He got up and gave his test paper to the teacher. The next day, he receive his paper. The teacher gave him a D. Bradley failed and was upset.
1	Kelly was going swimming in the ocean yesterday. She had fun and loved the water. Unfortunately something terrible happened. To her surprise her earring was gone. It took some time, but Kelly found her earring again.
0	Kelly was going swimming in the ocean yesterday. She had fun and loved the water. Unfortunately something terrible happened. To her surprise her earring was gone. The earring had come into the possession of a traveling merchant.
1	A man walked down the street on a summer day. He walked past a mail box and noticed a letter on the ground. Upon examination, the letter was addressed and stamped. The man thought that the letter must have fallen out. He put the letter back in the mailbox.
0	A man walked down the street on a summer day. He walked past a mail box and noticed a letter on the ground. Upon examination, the letter was addressed and stamped. The man thought that the letter must have fallen out. He threw the rest of the mail in the box on the ground.
0	Harry bought a puppy. Harry and the puppy loved each other. They grew old together. By the time the puppy was a dog, Harry knew it would die soon. Harry was very happy.
1	Harry bought a puppy. Harry and the puppy loved each other. They grew old together. By the time the puppy was a dog, Harry knew it would die soon. Harry was very sad.
0	Hank grew out a large beard. His friend told Hank that he looked like an old homeless man with it. Hank went home and intended to shave it off. He brought the razor close to his beard and paused. Hank hates hairy faces.
1	Hank grew out a large beard. His friend told Hank that he looked like an old homeless man with it. Hank went home and intended to shave it off. He brought the razor close to his beard and paused. Hank decided he liked his beard.
1	Samantha arrives at the bar for her date early. She decides to look through the magazine sitting on the bar. Samantha becomes engrossed in an article about peaches. By the time her date arrives she has read all about peaches. Samantha was able to break the ice by talking about peaches.
0	Samantha arrives at the bar for her date early. She decides to look through the magazine sitting on the bar. Samantha becomes engrossed in an article about peaches. By the time her date arrives she has read all about peaches. Samantha told her date everything she knew about apples.
1	Tara was sick in bed all week. She missed work due to a really bad flu. Tara got a surprise visit from her boss in the evening. Her boss sent her cookies and a get-well card. Tara was grateful to her boss.
0	Tara was sick in bed all week. She missed work due to a really bad flu. Tara got a surprise visit from her boss in the evening. Her boss sent her cookies and a get-well card. Tara was angered by this.
0	Earl went out with his cousin Jack plenty of times. Earl didn't think anything bad would happen this day. But Jack had a stolen car for them to ride in. Next, Jack pulled into a bank and then came running out with cash. Earl was happy that the day was nice and calm.
1	Earl went out with his cousin Jack plenty of times. Earl didn't think anything bad would happen this day. But Jack had a stolen car for them to ride in. Next, Jack pulled into a bank and then came running out with cash. Earl was shocked as Jack drove away.
0	David was walking home from school. He heard a tiny bark behind him. A small black puppy was following him home. He asked his mom if he could keep it. Davids mom took him to get a kitten.
1	David was walking home from school. He heard a tiny bark behind him. A small black puppy was following him home. He asked his mom if he could keep it. His mom said yes he could keep the puppy.
1	My dad took me to a baseball game when I was little. He spent that night teaching me all about the sport. He showed me every position and what everything meant. He introduced me to one of my favorite games ever. Now, playing or seeing baseball on TV reminds me of my father.
0	My dad took me to a baseball game when I was little. He spent that night teaching me all about the sport. He showed me every position and what everything meant. He introduced me to one of my favorite games ever. I can't sit through an entire baseball game without boredom.
0	Last night I had the worst headache. The pain literally was lasting hours. Nothing would help the pain. Finally I took Advil. It was one of the most enjoyable nights ever.
1	Last night I had the worst headache. The pain literally was lasting hours. Nothing would help the pain. Finally I took Advil. The headache went away in about twenty minutes.
1	Bonnie's family went berry picking. They got so many strawberries they weren't sure what to do with them. They had strawberry shortcake for dessert every night for a week. They learned to make jam and canned over two dozen jars. The jars made great holiday gifts for friends and family.
0	Bonnie's family went berry picking. They got so many strawberries they weren't sure what to do with them. They had strawberry shortcake for dessert every night for a week. They learned to make jam and canned over two dozen jars. Canned blackberries have a long shelf life.
1	Mary wanted to dress up as an angel. So she got the wings and the pink outfit. And she even wrote what she was trying to be so no one would wonder. But some of her friends as school started laughing. Mary felt very hurt.
0	Mary wanted to dress up as an angel. So she got the wings and the pink outfit. And she even wrote what she was trying to be so no one would wonder. But some of her friends as school started laughing. Mary felt very appreciated.
0	Ron really wanted to get promoted at his work place. He researched different strategies to move up within the company. Ron found out a higher position was created for bilingual employees. The requirement for the new position is to be able to speak Spanish. Ron didn't meet the requirements and got hired anyway.
1	Ron really wanted to get promoted at his work place. He researched different strategies to move up within the company. Ron found out a higher position was created for bilingual employees. The requirement for the new position is to be able to speak Spanish. Ron was happy because he knew how to speak Spanish.
0	Shelly bought a pack of gum at the store. She chewed it so often that she fell asleep with it in her mouth. The next morning there was gum stuck in Shelly's hair. Her mom had to cut out a large chunk of her hair and she looked funny. Shelly was happy about the good haircut.
1	Shelly bought a pack of gum at the store. She chewed it so often that she fell asleep with it in her mouth. The next morning there was gum stuck in Shelly's hair. Her mom had to cut out a large chunk of her hair and she looked funny. Shelly was sad and learned her lesson.
1	Penny went to the arcade to play his favorite game. He put 2 quarters inside the pacman machine. He played vigorously until his hands hurt. The game made a sound when he beat the last level. Penny loved gaming.
0	Penny went to the arcade to play his favorite game. He put 2 quarters inside the pacman machine. He played vigorously until his hands hurt. The game made a sound when he beat the last level. Penny was not very competitive.
1	Kimmy loved owls. She visited a national park with her brother to try to spot them. They arrived at dusk and sat in their hiding spot. Soon they saw an amazing sight. Kimmy saw several owls fly away into the night.
0	Kimmy loved owls. She visited a national park with her brother to try to spot them. They arrived at dusk and sat in their hiding spot. Soon they saw an amazing sight. Kimmy turned on her flashlight to scream at the owls in fright.
0	Sal loved to draw designs for shoes. He would pin them up all around his workshop. One day a rich businessman came to his workshop. He saw all of Sal's designs and was very impressed. Sal ripped up his designs and threw them away.
1	Sal loved to draw designs for shoes. He would pin them up all around his workshop. One day a rich businessman came to his workshop. He saw all of Sal's designs and was very impressed. Sal was excited for his future with the businessman.
0	Eric was having a picnic in the park with his girlfriend. Eric was eating a sandwich and enjoying the weather. All of a sudden, a pigeons swooped down and snagged his sandwich. Eric quickly chased after the pigeon. Eric had been interested in keeping pigeons for years.
1	Eric was having a picnic in the park with his girlfriend. Eric was eating a sandwich and enjoying the weather. All of a sudden, a pigeons swooped down and snagged his sandwich. Eric quickly chased after the pigeon. While he chased the bird, more pigeons ran after his food.
0	Stella was so excited that a new family had moved in next door. She watched out the window waiting to see the new kid. After getting out of the minivan, the new girl went inside. But then a confused Stella saw the same girl get out of the car again! Stella decided to take as shower.
1	Stella was so excited that a new family had moved in next door. She watched out the window waiting to see the new kid. After getting out of the minivan, the new girl went inside. But then a confused Stella saw the same girl get out of the car again! Stella wondered what was going on.
0	Todd was tech savvy. He always had the latest of every gadget. He went to the local electronics store to browse. He eyed a new drone model that was just released. He didn't like drones.
1	Todd was tech savvy. He always had the latest of every gadget. He went to the local electronics store to browse. He eyed a new drone model that was just released. He bought the drone.
0	Jordyn's family goes on vacation every summer. They always choose a different place each year. This year they are going to Disney World. Jordyn has wanted to go to Disney for many Year's. Jordyn decided he didn't want to go to Disney World anymore.
1	Jordyn's family goes on vacation every summer. They always choose a different place each year. This year they are going to Disney World. Jordyn has wanted to go to Disney for many Year's. Jordyn wants to meet Mickey Mouse.
0	We all went on vacation to Vermont. We went to different maple syrup farms. We tried different cheeses at cheese factories. But our favorite part was the trip to Ben and Jerry's. We all hate diary products.
1	We all went on vacation to Vermont. We went to different maple syrup farms. We tried different cheeses at cheese factories. But our favorite part was the trip to Ben and Jerry's. We all love ice cream.
0	Ray was camping. Suddenly he heard a scary noise in the middle of the night. He peeked outside his tent. It was a huge bear sniffing around! But Ray wasn't worried.
1	Ray was camping. Suddenly he heard a scary noise in the middle of the night. He peeked outside his tent. It was a huge bear sniffing around! Ray hoped the bear wouldn't find him.
1	Rachel loved to sing. Her parents and friends told her she was good at it. Rachel uploaded videos onto youtube of her singing. People said she was off key and terrible. Rachel ignored their cruel comments.
0	Rachel loved to sing. Her parents and friends told her she was good at it. Rachel uploaded videos onto youtube of her singing. People said she was off key and terrible. Rachel was inspired by their comments.
1	Ida really wanted hardwood floors in her living room. She worked overtime often to save up the money. Then she shopped for the flooring and had it installed. When she saw her new hardwood floors, she almost cried. Ida thought the hardwood floors made her house feel like a home.
0	Ida really wanted hardwood floors in her living room. She worked overtime often to save up the money. Then she shopped for the flooring and had it installed. When she saw her new hardwood floors, she almost cried. Ida re-installed the carpet in the living room the next day.
1	My sister in law had only four teeth. She did not see a dentist for Years. Last month her teeth started bothering her. She had her teeth pulled. Now my sister-in-law has to use dentures.
0	My sister in law had only four teeth. She did not see a dentist for Years. Last month her teeth started bothering her. She had her teeth pulled. Now my sister-in-law enjoys hard candy and caramel apples.
1	Jon just broke up with his girlfriend. He was feeling quite depressed. He called up his friends for support. His friends came to pick up Jon. Jon spent the rest of the night with friends.
0	Jon just broke up with his girlfriend. He was feeling quite depressed. He called up his friends for support. His friends came to pick up Jon. Jon was angry at his friends.
0	Jimmy wanted to get some work experience as a senior in college. He applied as an intern to a construction company nearby. He really enjoyed working for them and was offered a position. Jimmy accepted the position as a full-time employee. Jimmy quit his job two weeks later.
1	Jimmy wanted to get some work experience as a senior in college. He applied as an intern to a construction company nearby. He really enjoyed working for them and was offered a position. Jimmy accepted the position as a full-time employee. Jimmy was very happy to have a job right after graduating.
1	Ray was cooking pork chops. When he was done he shouted to the family. No one ate the pork chops. Ray was sad. Ray threw his pork chops in the trash can.
0	Ray was cooking pork chops. When he was done he shouted to the family. No one ate the pork chops. Ray was sad. Ray felt very proud of himself.
0	When Rick was 6, his father gave him an allowance. Rick had to clean his room once a week to get the allowance. The first week, he forgot to clean his room. He cried when his father didn't give him an allowance. His dad praised him for his hard work.
1	When Rick was 6, his father gave him an allowance. Rick had to clean his room once a week to get the allowance. The first week, he forgot to clean his room. He cried when his father didn't give him an allowance. Rick learned a valuable lesson that week.
1	Frank opened his present. It was a shiny red wagon. He started to cry. His father explained that he'd once gotten one as a gift. Frank was very grateful for the gift.
0	Frank opened his present. It was a shiny red wagon. He started to cry. His father explained that he'd once gotten one as a gift. Frank threw the wagon away.
0	The soccer game was tied 3 to 3 and there was a minute left to play. Julie had never scored a goal yet, but knew today would be her day. Ashley passed her the ball and this was chance. She kicked as hard as she could, and the ball soared into the net. Julie's teammates said she let down the team.
1	The soccer game was tied 3 to 3 and there was a minute left to play. Julie had never scored a goal yet, but knew today would be her day. Ashley passed her the ball and this was chance. She kicked as hard as she could, and the ball soared into the net. Julie's first goal won the game.
1	I did not drive until I was 26. I lived in the city and used bikes or mass transit. My brother urged me to get a driver's license. I took courses and passed the road test. I find driving much more convenient than bikes and mass transit.
0	I did not drive until I was 26. I lived in the city and used bikes or mass transit. My brother urged me to get a driver's license. I took courses and passed the road test. I now ride my bike or take mass transit to get around.
1	Molly loves popcorn. She eats it everyday. On Molly birthday her mom took her to the popcorn factory. They took a tour of the factory. Molly had a great day.
0	Molly loves popcorn. She eats it everyday. On Molly birthday her mom took her to the popcorn factory. They took a tour of the factory. Molly is allergic to corn.
0	Tim rented a car to visit his ill mother. Tim's mother was in a nursing home in Detroit. While on his way to the nursing home, Tim was in a car accident. The tow truck driver offered to drop off Tim at the nursing home. Tim told the driver to take him to Toronto.
1	Tim rented a car to visit his ill mother. Tim's mother was in a nursing home in Detroit. While on his way to the nursing home, Tim was in a car accident. The tow truck driver offered to drop off Tim at the nursing home. Tim was very thankful.
1	I'm waiting for a payment to come through the mail. After several weeks, nothing came through the mail. A few people knocked on my door. Apparently they have the mail with my payment. I was relieved.
0	I'm waiting for a payment to come through the mail. After several weeks, nothing came through the mail. A few people knocked on my door. Apparently they have the mail with my payment. I was disappointed.
1	Rich had worked in the woods for Years. He spent most of his days alone and his nights drinking. As he got older he realized his lifestyle needed to change. He went to Alcoholics Anonymous and sobered up. Rich was successful in Alcoholics Anonymous and became a sponsor.
0	Rich had worked in the woods for Years. He spent most of his days alone and his nights drinking. As he got older he realized his lifestyle needed to change. He went to Alcoholics Anonymous and sobered up. Rich decided to pour himself a drink.
0	Omar was walking his dog in a new neighborhood. Then he realized he had gotten lost! Omar was afraid. He retraced his steps carefully. He decided it was time to get a new dog.
1	Omar was walking his dog in a new neighborhood. Then he realized he had gotten lost! Omar was afraid. He retraced his steps carefully. They made it home safely.
1	Dana thought his girlfriend's roommate liked him. But tonight he found out how much. He showed at his girlfriend's home and her roommate opened the door. She sat next to him and then put her feet in his lap. Dana felt flustered and pushed her feet away.
0	Dana thought his girlfriend's roommate liked him. But tonight he found out how much. He showed at his girlfriend's home and her roommate opened the door. She sat next to him and then put her feet in his lap. Dana wondered if there was any more ginger ale in the kitchen.
1	June was three Year's old and was a picky eater. Her mother was fed up with her daughter being so picky. That evening her mother served June her food. June threw the food on the floor and her mother sent her to bed. June cried herself to sleep and woke up hungry in the morning.
0	June was three Year's old and was a picky eater. Her mother was fed up with her daughter being so picky. That evening her mother served June her food. June threw the food on the floor and her mother sent her to bed. June packed her bag and bought the ticket to Madrid.
0	Janice was excited to bring cupcakes to her work for her birthday. She worked all day on making the perfect frosting. Each cupcake was truly a work of art. Everyone at her work loved them. Janice was disappointed by her co-workers' reaction.
1	Janice was excited to bring cupcakes to her work for her birthday. She worked all day on making the perfect frosting. Each cupcake was truly a work of art. Everyone at her work loved them. Janice was thrilled and happy for the rest of the day.
1	Ally and Jill went for a walk. It was cold outside and it started to snow. They were far away from their house and started to get very cold. They decided to knock on a stranger's door for some help. The stranger offered them hot chocolate.
0	Ally and Jill went for a walk. It was cold outside and it started to snow. They were far away from their house and started to get very cold. They decided to knock on a stranger's door for some help. The stranger stole their coats from them.
0	Last night I was trying to bake a casserole. I decided to have a cup of wine while I waited. One cup turned into three and then more. Before I realized it I fell asleep. I awoke to the smell of freshly baked cinnamon rolls.
1	Last night I was trying to bake a casserole. I decided to have a cup of wine while I waited. One cup turned into three and then more. Before I realized it I fell asleep. By the time I woke up, the casserole was burned.
0	There was a black widow hiding in my shoe. When I tried to put the shoe on, the widow stung me! I began to feel intense pain and sickness. My mom called the ambulance and I was rushed to the hospital. They immediately gave me a band aide.
1	There was a black widow hiding in my shoe. When I tried to put the shoe on, the widow stung me! I began to feel intense pain and sickness. My mom called the ambulance and I was rushed to the hospital. They immediately gave me anti-poison drugs.
1	I was at my friend's house last week. He left to the bathroom and his mom entered the room. She told me I was cute and started flirting. i told her I wasn't interested. His mom left.
0	I was at my friend's house last week. He left to the bathroom and his mom entered the room. She told me I was cute and started flirting. i told her I wasn't interested. I kissed her.
0	Missy bought a ticket to the carnival. She went in and looked around, open mouthed. She loved all the games and rides! She spent the whole day having a great time. Missy vowed never to go back to the carnival again.
1	Missy bought a ticket to the carnival. She went in and looked around, open mouthed. She loved all the games and rides! She spent the whole day having a great time. Missy decided to go back to the carnival the next day.
0	Gwyneth's family was hosting a foreign exchange student. He was from Algeria and had never seen snow. One day in December, they awoke to see the ground covered in snow. He was delighted and ran outside in his shorts to jump in it! He did not want to play in the snow.
1	Gwyneth's family was hosting a foreign exchange student. He was from Algeria and had never seen snow. One day in December, they awoke to see the ground covered in snow. He was delighted and ran outside in his shorts to jump in it! He was very happy to see snow for the first time.
1	Jim bought a frozen pizza from the store for dinner. He got home and threw it into the freezer. When he went to cook it he realized it was ruined. He went back to the store and exchanged it for another. Jim cooked the pizza as soon as he got home.
0	Jim bought a frozen pizza from the store for dinner. He got home and threw it into the freezer. When he went to cook it he realized it was ruined. He went back to the store and exchanged it for another. Jim had always detested pizza.
0	Anna and Jessica were best friends for most of their lives. One day at school, Jessica heard Anna saying bad things about her. When Jessica confronted Anna, she lied about it. Jessica knew she could not trust Anna. Jessica told Anna a secret.
1	Anna and Jessica were best friends for most of their lives. One day at school, Jessica heard Anna saying bad things about her. When Jessica confronted Anna, she lied about it. Jessica knew she could not trust Anna. Jessica was sad that she had lost Anna as a friend.
0	Molly wanted a new outfit for the first day of school. She did extra chores to save the money to go shopping. At the store, she found an outfit she thought looked unique. She excitedly dressed in the new outfit and headed to school. She went back home and changed into a pair of jeans.
1	Molly wanted a new outfit for the first day of school. She did extra chores to save the money to go shopping. At the store, she found an outfit she thought looked unique. She excitedly dressed in the new outfit and headed to school. Everyone complimented her on her choice in clothing.
0	Tia went out to a bar one night with a guy she'd just met. The unscrupulous guy drugged Tia's martini when she wasn't looking! Poor Tia, unsuspecting, drank the martini and became very groggy. She remembered nothing until she woke up naked the next morning. She smiled, and went back to sleep.
1	Tia went out to a bar one night with a guy she'd just met. The unscrupulous guy drugged Tia's martini when she wasn't looking! Poor Tia, unsuspecting, drank the martini and became very groggy. She remembered nothing until she woke up naked the next morning. She went to the police and filed a report.
0	Mary took her son Todd to the library one morning. They participated in the children's story time. After the group read some books, they did a craft. Todd created a fun mobile to take home. Todd and his Mom hated the experience.
1	Mary took her son Todd to the library one morning. They participated in the children's story time. After the group read some books, they did a craft. Todd created a fun mobile to take home. Todd told his mom that he wanted to go again.
1	Steve decides to have an Easter egg hunt at his house this weekend. He buys a dozen eggs, colors them, and hides them in his yard. Steve announces the hunt to all of his friends with kids. Everyone has a great time at Steve's Easter egg hunt. Steve is proud of his egg hunt.
0	Steve decides to have an Easter egg hunt at his house this weekend. He buys a dozen eggs, colors them, and hides them in his yard. Steve announces the hunt to all of his friends with kids. Everyone has a great time at Steve's Easter egg hunt. Steve decides to never have an egg hunt again.
0	Sheena mocked her sister's fear of expiration dates. She slurped down the yogurt that was two days past the use by date. She felt the sickness hit her as she drove home. She barely pulled over in time before she threw up uncontrollably. Sheena felt great.
1	Sheena mocked her sister's fear of expiration dates. She slurped down the yogurt that was two days past the use by date. She felt the sickness hit her as she drove home. She barely pulled over in time before she threw up uncontrollably. Sheena felt terrible.
1	Gina had done everything she could think of to beat the heat. And it was only noon. The sun was still high in the sky. She decided she needed to go where there was air conditioning. She went inside a nearby cafe.
0	Gina had done everything she could think of to beat the heat. And it was only noon. The sun was still high in the sky. She decided she needed to go where there was air conditioning. She went to the sauna.
0	The other day at the clinic I had to help put a dog down. He seemed really sad and lonely. Like he knew what was going to happen. As we laid it down and it took its final breaths it stared at me. I loved my job so much more after that day.
1	The other day at the clinic I had to help put a dog down. He seemed really sad and lonely. Like he knew what was going to happen. As we laid it down and it took its final breaths it stared at me. I stayed calm, but cried after we were finished.
1	Ian was continuously late for work. He almost always showed up 20 or 30 minutes late. His boss let it slide at first, because he was a good worker. Eventually, his team decided to get In a new alarm clock. He finally was able to be on time.
0	Ian was continuously late for work. He almost always showed up 20 or 30 minutes late. His boss let it slide at first, because he was a good worker. Eventually, his team decided to get In a new alarm clock. Ian threw it away.
0	Jane wanted to get healthy, but cleanses were too harsh. She bought a green juice powder online. She drank the drink everyday for 2 weeks and ate lightly. Although it was tough Jane stuck with it for a month. Jane had little discipline.
1	Jane wanted to get healthy, but cleanses were too harsh. She bought a green juice powder online. She drank the drink everyday for 2 weeks and ate lightly. Although it was tough Jane stuck with it for a month. Jane had discipline.
1	Jon decided to go to the pawn store. He found a bornite-coated chalcopyrite crystal. He bought it for three thousand dollars. Later, he figured out that he was scammed by the pawn clerk. Jon was extremely upset that he had been scammed.
0	Jon decided to go to the pawn store. He found a bornite-coated chalcopyrite crystal. He bought it for three thousand dollars. Later, he figured out that he was scammed by the pawn clerk. Jon became friends with the pawn clerk.
0	Tom was spending too much money on bottled water. So he decided to buy a water filter for his kitchen faucet. It was expensive. But it would save him money in the long run. Tom drank water directly from his kitchen faucet.
1	Tom was spending too much money on bottled water. So he decided to buy a water filter for his kitchen faucet. It was expensive. But it would save him money in the long run. Tom enjoyed the taste of the filtered water.
1	Dan flew out to Spain because he was in love with a girl. It was someone he had corresponded with on Facebook. Dan and the girl met over drinks, and Dan fell even more in love. At the end of the date, the girl told Dan she wasn't interested. Dan became depressed for a year.
0	Dan flew out to Spain because he was in love with a girl. It was someone he had corresponded with on Facebook. Dan and the girl met over drinks, and Dan fell even more in love. At the end of the date, the girl told Dan she wasn't interested. That date became Dans happiest memory.
0	Billy was 6, and just learning to read. His parents took him to the library. Billy was amazed how many books there were! They stood in line for his library card. Billy gave up reading.
1	Billy was 6, and just learning to read. His parents took him to the library. Billy was amazed how many books there were! They stood in line for his library card. Billy picked up several books to take with him.
0	Bill was working all day at the office. It was so busy, they made Bill skip lunch. After Bill's work day ended, he looked for a place to eat. He found a Red Robin right around the corner. But looking at it made Bill lose his appetite.
1	Bill was working all day at the office. It was so busy, they made Bill skip lunch. After Bill's work day ended, he looked for a place to eat. He found a Red Robin right around the corner. Bill enjoyed a burger there.
0	Eric was helping his dad clear a wooded area. They were going to put a picnic table there. All of a sudden he was swarmed by bees. He had accidentally disturbed their nest. The bees did not bother Eric.
1	Eric was helping his dad clear a wooded area. They were going to put a picnic table there. All of a sudden he was swarmed by bees. He had accidentally disturbed their nest. Eric got stung by many bees.
1	Bertha wanted to get a haircut. However, she was undecided on how to cut her hair. Bertha had a idea to go to a wig store. At the wig store Bertha tried on different wigs. Bertha bought a bright red wig with frosted blonde tips.
0	Bertha wanted to get a haircut. However, she was undecided on how to cut her hair. Bertha had a idea to go to a wig store. At the wig store Bertha tried on different wigs. Bertha bought a jump rope.
0	Tim was making pizza. It was for the family. However all the ingredients were gone except the dough and the sauce. He nervously put bananas on the pizza. Tim's family enjoyed the pepperoni pizza.
1	Tim was making pizza. It was for the family. However all the ingredients were gone except the dough and the sauce. He nervously put bananas on the pizza. Tim's family pretended to like the banana pizza.
1	Kyle had always loved spending time in his local library. He loved to be around old books. One day Kyle saw a sign that advertised an open job at the library. When he interviewed for the job, it was clear that he would be great. Kyle got the job.
0	Kyle had always loved spending time in his local library. He loved to be around old books. One day Kyle saw a sign that advertised an open job at the library. When he interviewed for the job, it was clear that he would be great. Kyle threw all the books on the ground.
0	He didn't know how the television worked. He tried to fix it, anyway. He climbed up on the roof and fiddled with the antenna. His foot slipped on the wet shingles and he went tumbling down. He decided that was fun and to try tumbling again.
1	He didn't know how the television worked. He tried to fix it, anyway. He climbed up on the roof and fiddled with the antenna. His foot slipped on the wet shingles and he went tumbling down. Thankfully, he recovered.
0	Eddie's dad took him to a wrestling show. Eddie loved the whole show! Afterwards, he got a wrestler's autograph. He decided wrestlers were the best guys ever. Eddie never watched wrestling again.
1	Eddie's dad took him to a wrestling show. Eddie loved the whole show! Afterwards, he got a wrestler's autograph. He decided wrestlers were the best guys ever. Eddie had the best day with his dad!
1	Sarah was at home when her power was shut off. She had no money to pay the late bill and fees. She contacted a charity in town. She explained the situation. A charity gave Sarah money to pay her power bill.
0	Sarah was at home when her power was shut off. She had no money to pay the late bill and fees. She contacted a charity in town. She explained the situation. Sarah didn't pay her bill, so her power was shut off.
0	Angie's baby shower was set for this Friday. The weather was supposed to be beautiful. Once Friday morning came, the sky started to darken. Angie was so afraid that it would rain because it was outdoors. Angie wasn't nervous anymore.
1	Angie's baby shower was set for this Friday. The weather was supposed to be beautiful. Once Friday morning came, the sky started to darken. Angie was so afraid that it would rain because it was outdoors. Luckily, it didn't rain.
1	Theo played his drums everyday for the last three years. He had been feeling like he needed to take it to the next level. He decided that finding a band to join was his best option. After looking online around he finally heard of a good choice. Theo set up an audition.
0	Theo played his drums everyday for the last three years. He had been feeling like he needed to take it to the next level. He decided that finding a band to join was his best option. After looking online around he finally heard of a good choice. Theo decided not to apply.
1	It was the annual school Amusement park trip. Amy was excited about the water rides. She waited in line to go on the log water ride The Flume. When her log reached the top of the drop she became afraid. As she descended, she screamed with terror and joy.
0	It was the annual school Amusement park trip. Amy was excited about the water rides. She waited in line to go on the log water ride The Flume. When her log reached the top of the drop she became afraid. Amy had never been so bored.
0	Sam is having his family over for Thanksgiving. He got up early and put the turkey in the oven. He worked hard all day prepared all the different side dishes. His family arrived just as the turkey came out of the oven. Sam wished his family would leave.
1	Sam is having his family over for Thanksgiving. He got up early and put the turkey in the oven. He worked hard all day prepared all the different side dishes. His family arrived just as the turkey came out of the oven. Sam was excited to serve the food.
1	It won't stop snowing. All the roads are blocked and it's freezing outside. I'm afraid we'll lose power and freeze in here too. There's almost no food left and most stores are closed. I'm worried about the weather.
0	It won't stop snowing. All the roads are blocked and it's freezing outside. I'm afraid we'll lose power and freeze in here too. There's almost no food left and most stores are closed. I'm glad it's snowing.
0	Tom was making some pasta. He boiled some water. He left the kitchen to answer an important phone call. When he came back there was water all over the ground. He had forgotten to turn the stove on.
1	Tom was making some pasta. He boiled some water. He left the kitchen to answer an important phone call. When he came back there was water all over the ground. He turned off the stove and cleaned up the kitchen.
1	The Sullivans decided to go to the country fair. It was their first as a family to such an event. There were so many things to do! The family split up and each of them did what they wanted to do. The Sullivans had a memorable time.
0	The Sullivans decided to go to the country fair. It was their first as a family to such an event. There were so many things to do! The family split up and each of them did what they wanted to do. The Sullivans hated every minute of their visit.
1	Phil wanted to make steaks for dinner. He went to the local butcher shop to get some meat. The guy working behind the counter was really informative. He helped him pick out the perfect cuts. Phil thanked the guy behind the counter.
0	Phil wanted to make steaks for dinner. He went to the local butcher shop to get some meat. The guy working behind the counter was really informative. He helped him pick out the perfect cuts. Phil was very displeased by the guy behind the counter.
1	John couldn't wash his clothes because his washing machine was broken. John didn't know how to fix washing machines. He bought a book to tell him how to repair it. He changed the fan belt. When he plugged it back in, it worked.
0	John couldn't wash his clothes because his washing machine was broken. John didn't know how to fix washing machines. He bought a book to tell him how to repair it. He changed the fan belt. After that he gave up and bought a new one, without ever knowing.
0	Shane and John were best friends at school. Shane was caught stealing and got suspended from school. John was not allowed to be friends with Shane anymore. this bothered John greatly but his mom explained the reasons. She explained that Shane shouldn't have been caught.
1	Shane and John were best friends at school. Shane was caught stealing and got suspended from school. John was not allowed to be friends with Shane anymore. this bothered John greatly but his mom explained the reasons. She explained that Shane was a bad influence on John.
1	Kristie's church was going on a mission trip to Alaska. Kristie really wanted to go. It was very expensive to go. Kristie worked at her job every chance she got. Her boss took up a collection to help her out.
0	Kristie's church was going on a mission trip to Alaska. Kristie really wanted to go. It was very expensive to go. Kristie worked at her job every chance she got. Kristie was selfish and cold-hearted.
0	Neil was visiting Scotland. He was backpacking, so he had little money. But then he found a city called Glasgow. There, he found cheap hostels and inexpensive food. Neil had a great vacation in Mexico.
1	Neil was visiting Scotland. He was backpacking, so he had little money. But then he found a city called Glasgow. There, he found cheap hostels and inexpensive food. Neil had an excellent vacation.
1	Tom always wanted to see a moose. Tom decided to go to Maine where many moose live. Tom saw a moose while driving on a back road. Tom tried to take a picture of the moose and fell out of the car. Tom scrambled back inside the car when the moose charged.
0	Tom always wanted to see a moose. Tom decided to go to Maine where many moose live. Tom saw a moose while driving on a back road. Tom tried to take a picture of the moose and fell out of the car. Tom went to pick wildflowers by the side of the road.
1	Cho wanted to do well in school. So he started a study group with his friends. He studied hard every weekend. His grades began to climb up. Eventually he started getting great grades.
0	Cho wanted to do well in school. So he started a study group with his friends. He studied hard every weekend. His grades began to climb up. Cho's grades got much worse.
0	Pam thought her front yard looked boring. So she decided to buy several plants. And she placed them in her front yard. She was proud of her work. Pam was upset at herself.
1	Pam thought her front yard looked boring. So she decided to buy several plants. And she placed them in her front yard. She was proud of her work. Pam was satisfied.
1	Bill wanted to play baseball today. He called several friends to coordinate a time. His friends agreed to play at six o'clock. At the field they began warming up. Bill and his friends then had fun playing.
0	Bill wanted to play baseball today. He called several friends to coordinate a time. His friends agreed to play at six o'clock. At the field they began warming up. Bill and his friends then went home.
1	Barry was throwing the ball at his house. He accidentally broke a window. He cried because of all the damage. His father decided to help him fix the window. Barry and his father spent the afternoon fixing the window.
0	Barry was throwing the ball at his house. He accidentally broke a window. He cried because of all the damage. His father decided to help him fix the window. The window stayed broken.
1	Mike was very sleepy and hungry. But he had to stay up to finish work. He thought eating food would help him stay up longer. So he put some bread in his toaster. When it was done he put in some butter and ate it.
0	Mike was very sleepy and hungry. But he had to stay up to finish work. He thought eating food would help him stay up longer. So he put some bread in his toaster. He couldn't figure out what to eat.
0	I heard that dog parks were good for dogs. One day, I decided to get my dog and go to the park. I put my dog on a leash and got in the car. We finally arrived at the neighborhood park. I then turned around drove back home.
1	I heard that dog parks were good for dogs. One day, I decided to get my dog and go to the park. I put my dog on a leash and got in the car. We finally arrived at the neighborhood park. My dog seemed to really enjoy the experience, so we went more.
0	Gertrude has always wanted to visit Atlanta. Finally she decides to make her dream trip a reality. She spends several days seeing the sights in Atlanta. Gertrude loves trying the local food and seeing musicians perform. Gertrude decides her husband may like the leopard print dress.
1	Gertrude has always wanted to visit Atlanta. Finally she decides to make her dream trip a reality. She spends several days seeing the sights in Atlanta. Gertrude loves trying the local food and seeing musicians perform. Gertrude wonders if she could find a decent job in Atlanta.
0	When Mark was 7, he got a pair of glasses. He loved the glasses because he could see clearly. He went to school and other kids made fun of him. Mark stopped wearing his glasses. Mark started wearing the glasses.
1	When Mark was 7, he got a pair of glasses. He loved the glasses because he could see clearly. He went to school and other kids made fun of him. Mark stopped wearing his glasses. Mark was embarrassed.
1	Sara decided to go for a run. She laced up her sneakers and headed out the door. As she was jogging down the street she slipped on some ice. She badly injured her leg. Sara stood up and limped back home.
0	Sara decided to go for a run. She laced up her sneakers and headed out the door. As she was jogging down the street she slipped on some ice. She badly injured her leg. Sara jogged without any incidents.
0	Gina had been working on a report when her friend called. Gina didn't have a lot of time to finish the report. But when her friend suggested they meet at the park she agreed. Gina figured she still had a whole day and a half to finish the report Gina thought the report was more important than her friend.
1	Gina had been working on a report when her friend called. Gina didn't have a lot of time to finish the report. But when her friend suggested they meet at the park she agreed. Gina figured she still had a whole day and a half to finish the report When she got home from the park, Gina was too tired to work.
0	Kori was taking a science class. She had a test coming up. She studied very hard for her test. The day of the test came, and she had no problems taking it. Kori graded the exams and all the students had failed.
1	Kori was taking a science class. She had a test coming up. She studied very hard for her test. The day of the test came, and she had no problems taking it. Kori scored a B.
1	Trudy went for a job interview. She answered the questions they asked and showed her resume. They discussed her wage if she were hired and her hours. She was happy with this. Trudy was called and told she got the job.
0	Trudy went for a job interview. She answered the questions they asked and showed her resume. They discussed her wage if she were hired and her hours. She was happy with this. Trudy hated the company she applied to.
0	Maddy was always used to seeing old man Joe. She thought of him a sort of watchman. Each morning when she passed him she'd give him a dollar. Sometimes, she'd even bring him some coffee or a bite to eat. Joe hated Maddy.
1	Maddy was always used to seeing old man Joe. She thought of him a sort of watchman. Each morning when she passed him she'd give him a dollar. Sometimes, she'd even bring him some coffee or a bite to eat. Joe was grateful.
0	I smoked since I was twenty Years old. Last year I decided to quit. It was hard not to smoke the few months. It got easier to stop everyday. I felt ashamed of myself ever since.
1	I smoked since I was twenty Years old. Last year I decided to quit. It was hard not to smoke the few months. It got easier to stop everyday. Eventually I stopped smoking.
0	Last night Jack went on a blind date. When he arrived at the restaurant a he heard someone yell his name. He spotted a blonde waving from across the room. She was nothing like the photo she sent. He grabbed his golf clubs and went home.
1	Last night Jack went on a blind date. When he arrived at the restaurant a he heard someone yell his name. He spotted a blonde waving from across the room. She was nothing like the photo she sent. But he figured he would try to make the most of it.
1	One day while driving home, Marsha heard a loud pop. She got out of her car to investigate the cause of the sound. Sure enough, Marsha noticed that her front tire was deflating. Marsha realized the tire had been punctured with a rock. Marsha began to replace her popped tire.
0	One day while driving home, Marsha heard a loud pop. She got out of her car to investigate the cause of the sound. Sure enough, Marsha noticed that her front tire was deflating. Marsha realized the tire had been punctured with a rock. Since the tire was okay, Marsha kept driving.
1	Ana was driving home one night. Then she saw the Check Engine light on her dash. Worried, she pulled right into a mechanic's garage. The mechanic examined Ana's car for her. The mechanic told her the light was just malfunctioning.
0	Ana was driving home one night. Then she saw the Check Engine light on her dash. Worried, she pulled right into a mechanic's garage. The mechanic examined Ana's car for her. Ana then fixed the mechanic's car.
0	Julie was a scientist who worked for a university. She received a call from another professor. The professor asked her to be part of his expedition to the jungle. Julie found a flower that she had never seen before. Julie threw the flower into the river.
1	Julie was a scientist who worked for a university. She received a call from another professor. The professor asked her to be part of his expedition to the jungle. Julie found a flower that she had never seen before. Julie got to name the new flower.
1	It was getting dark. Amy knew she had to get home, but she hated to leave Ben. He hugged her goodbye. They agreed they would meet at the same time next week. Amy was looking forward to it greatly.
0	It was getting dark. Amy knew she had to get home, but she hated to leave Ben. He hugged her goodbye. They agreed they would meet at the same time next week. Amy hated Ben with a passion.
1	Henderson had dreamed of having a small coffee shop. He started saving up his money to open a shop downtown. Finally it was the day to open his new shop! Henderson had many customers on his first day. Henderson's coffee shop was very successful.
0	Henderson had dreamed of having a small coffee shop. He started saving up his money to open a shop downtown. Finally it was the day to open his new shop! Henderson had many customers on his first day. Henderson had the close the store the next day.
1	Sandy went into the kitchen to get something to drink. She kept hearing a rattling by the stove but couldn't see anything. She opened the fridge to get the pitcher of tea. About that time out pops the mouse from the stove. Sandy screamed and ran!
0	Sandy went into the kitchen to get something to drink. She kept hearing a rattling by the stove but couldn't see anything. She opened the fridge to get the pitcher of tea. About that time out pops the mouse from the stove. Sandy poured some tea in a saucer for the mouse.
0	Janey was having trouble seeing well. She made an appointment with the eye doctor. The doctor said she needed glasses. Janey picked out the frames she wanted and then went home. Janey hated doctors.
1	Janey was having trouble seeing well. She made an appointment with the eye doctor. The doctor said she needed glasses. Janey picked out the frames she wanted and then went home. She couldn't wait to get her new glasses.
1	Last week I lost my phone. I looked everywhere for it. After a few hours I had a good idea. I figured I would call it. I found my phone under the couch!
0	Last week I lost my phone. I looked everywhere for it. After a few hours I had a good idea. I figured I would call it. I wasn't able to locate my phone.
0	Every morning I start my day off with a half an hour of reading. One morning I was too late to work and missed my reading time. It left me thinking of nothing more than reading the next chapter. Eventually I was able to take my first morning break. I decided to go for a walk.
1	Every morning I start my day off with a half an hour of reading. One morning I was too late to work and missed my reading time. It left me thinking of nothing more than reading the next chapter. Eventually I was able to take my first morning break. I immediately dug into my book.
1	Sam's Siberian Huskies dig huge holes all over the yard. He decided to give them their own place to dig. He sectioned off an area with bricks. Sam made a habit of burying treats and toys in that area. The dogs love digging in their hole.
0	Sam's Siberian Huskies dig huge holes all over the yard. He decided to give them their own place to dig. He sectioned off an area with bricks. Sam made a habit of burying treats and toys in that area. Sam's dogs dug under the fence and ran away.
0	My brother and I saw 2001 A Space Odyssey in 1968. We cut classes to watch the movie. We went to a special Cinerama three screen theater. We enjoyed the movie and talked about it afterward. My brother decided that the movie was boring.
1	My brother and I saw 2001 A Space Odyssey in 1968. We cut classes to watch the movie. We went to a special Cinerama three screen theater. We enjoyed the movie and talked about it afterward. My brother and I have so much fun we made plans to go again.
0	Barbara had a problem with her ex-boyfriend. Sometimes he would come by her house asking for a date. She would tell him no but he still continued to do it. Eventually her boyfriend got fed up and told him off. He made out with her boyfriend.
1	Barbara had a problem with her ex-boyfriend. Sometimes he would come by her house asking for a date. She would tell him no but he still continued to do it. Eventually her boyfriend got fed up and told him off. He stopped coming around.
1	Randy wanted to buy a house very badly. He spent years saving his money. After a decade of saving, he had enough for a down payment. Randy got approved on his mortgage and bought his home. Randy was thrilled!
0	Randy wanted to buy a house very badly. He spent years saving his money. After a decade of saving, he had enough for a down payment. Randy got approved on his mortgage and bought his home. Randy was disappointed.
0	Laura found a stray kitten walking along her porch. Laura fed the kitten some cat food. The kitten was really hungry! Laura nursed the kitten to good health. Laura didn't want to take care of the cat.
1	Laura found a stray kitten walking along her porch. Laura fed the kitten some cat food. The kitten was really hungry! Laura nursed the kitten to good health. Laura bonded with the kitten.
1	I had to write an analysis paper for English. I read the source material over and over. I thought about it very hard. Then, I wrote my analysis paper. I put a lot of effort into the paper.
0	I had to write an analysis paper for English. I read the source material over and over. I thought about it very hard. Then, I wrote my analysis paper. I decided to delete the finished paper.
0	Two bowling teams were set to play a game against each other. The one team all took out their balls and polished them. They got their balls to shine intensely. The lights of the alley bounced off the balls. The balls were quite dull.
1	Two bowling teams were set to play a game against each other. The one team all took out their balls and polished them. They got their balls to shine intensely. The lights of the alley bounced off the balls. The balls looked amazing.
1	Neil took a ferry to the island of Sicily. The wind blew his hair as he watched the waves. Soon it docked, and he stepped onto the island. It was so breathtakingly beautiful! Neil enjoyed Sicily.
0	Neil took a ferry to the island of Sicily. The wind blew his hair as he watched the waves. Soon it docked, and he stepped onto the island. It was so breathtakingly beautiful! Sicily was the worst place neil had ever been.
0	Eric was shooting hoops in his driveway. All of a sudden it started to rainy. Eric slipped on a puddle in his driveway. He fell down and scraped his elbow. Eric giggled and bounced the ball happily.
1	Eric was shooting hoops in his driveway. All of a sudden it started to rainy. Eric slipped on a puddle in his driveway. He fell down and scraped his elbow. Eric started crying and went to find his mommy.
0	Steve was extremely excited to go see the new Star Wars movie. He bought tickets months ahead of time to see the premier. He avoided the internet to stay away from any spoilers. The day of, Steve arrived early to get the best possible seats. Steve decided to go see Pixels instead.
1	Steve was extremely excited to go see the new Star Wars movie. He bought tickets months ahead of time to see the premier. He avoided the internet to stay away from any spoilers. The day of, Steve arrived early to get the best possible seats. He absolutely loved the movie and the wait was well worth it!
0	Mark decided that he wanted a new puppy. Excited, he drove to the animal shelter. Once there, he wandered around and looked at all of the cats and dogs. A golden lab caught his attention. Mark adopted a parrot.
1	Mark decided that he wanted a new puppy. Excited, he drove to the animal shelter. Once there, he wandered around and looked at all of the cats and dogs. A golden lab caught his attention. Mark adopted the lab.
0	My brother and I went bowling in 1963. There was a bowling alley on Washington Street in Boston. They had only candlepin bowling. My brother beat me in 5 games. I was a much better bowler than my brother.
1	My brother and I went bowling in 1963. There was a bowling alley on Washington Street in Boston. They had only candlepin bowling. My brother beat me in 5 games. I vowed to beat him the next time!
0	Greg was a messy person. And he ate every meal at his computer desk. One day, he spilled soda all over his keyboard. When it was his birthday, a friend bought him a new keyboard. Greg was disappointed with his gift.
1	Greg was a messy person. And he ate every meal at his computer desk. One day, he spilled soda all over his keyboard. When it was his birthday, a friend bought him a new keyboard. Greg decided not to eat at his computer desk anymore.
0	Kay was shopping online for an art set. She found one she liked due to its reasonable price. Kay looked at the product reviews for the art set. Twenty of twenty reviewers noted that the pens in the set leaked. Kay thought the art set was of great quality.
1	Kay was shopping online for an art set. She found one she liked due to its reasonable price. Kay looked at the product reviews for the art set. Twenty of twenty reviewers noted that the pens in the set leaked. Kay did not buy the art set.
0	Collin likes to dress up. One Halloween he decided to wear his costume to the office. Collin's boss did not permit costumes to be worn in the workplace. He received a write-up. Collin received a raise and a promotion.
1	Collin likes to dress up. One Halloween he decided to wear his costume to the office. Collin's boss did not permit costumes to be worn in the workplace. He received a write-up. Collin was upset with his boss.
0	Tony had a job interview! He got his suit ready! He forgot how to tie a tie! He quickly called his dad! His dad told him how to make his chili.
1	Tony had a job interview! He got his suit ready! He forgot how to tie a tie! He quickly called his dad! His dad walked him through how to tie the tie.
1	Danny bought a new shirt. He wore it to school the next day. As he was eating lunch, he spilled mustard on it. He scrubbed it off very hard. The mustard came out and no one was the wiser.
0	Danny bought a new shirt. He wore it to school the next day. As he was eating lunch, he spilled mustard on it. He scrubbed it off very hard. He took the shirt off and threw it away.
0	Greg had seeds for tomatoes. He planted them in his garden. He watered them every morning. He was sad that nothing happened. Greg bragged to his neighbor about the tomatoes he planted.
1	Greg had seeds for tomatoes. He planted them in his garden. He watered them every morning. He was sad that nothing happened. Greg realized the garden was not getting sufficient sunlight.
1	Lloyd has had the flu for a week. He hasn't gotten much better. He's old and can't fight it off as well. He doesn't think he will make it. His doctors save his life.
0	Lloyd has had the flu for a week. He hasn't gotten much better. He's old and can't fight it off as well. He doesn't think he will make it. Lloyd was perfectly healthy.
1	Calling people at night is risky. If you call after nightfall, be prepared. I did this the other night and got yelled at. I did not like that so I hung up. Now I only call people in the afternoon.
0	Calling people at night is risky. If you call after nightfall, be prepared. I did this the other night and got yelled at. I did not like that so I hung up. I started making more late night calls.
1	Paul put money in the bank! He wanted to save a lot! He really wanted to take money out too! He decided he should save the money. He saved for a year and never spent any.
0	Paul put money in the bank! He wanted to save a lot! He really wanted to take money out too! He decided he should save the money. He took it all out and threw it in the trash.
1	Kelly was super excited for the new drawing at work. She was hoping she could win the new iPad. She put her name in and crossed her fingers. Luckily her name was picked. She was happy she won.
0	Kelly was super excited for the new drawing at work. She was hoping she could win the new iPad. She put her name in and crossed her fingers. Luckily her name was picked. She was very disappointed.
1	Bon had been writing his pen pal Luc in France for months. Then Luke said his family would be visiting America! Bon was so excited that he would get to meet Luc in person. His parents agreed that Luc and his family could visit their home. Bon and Luc had a great time in America.
0	Bon had been writing his pen pal Luc in France for months. Then Luke said his family would be visiting America! Bon was so excited that he would get to meet Luc in person. His parents agreed that Luc and his family could visit their home. Bon and Luc had a great time in Germany.
0	We were tourists in Italy and had just flagged a cab down. We climbed into the small foreign car and told the driver where to go. The cab jetted off like a shot as it sped up and down the steep hills. It felt like a roller coaster, and Ace of Bass blared on the radio. We decided to go bowling to celebrate.
1	We were tourists in Italy and had just flagged a cab down. We climbed into the small foreign car and told the driver where to go. The cab jetted off like a shot as it sped up and down the steep hills. It felt like a roller coaster, and Ace of Bass blared on the radio. We felt very unsafe with the driver's speed.
1	Jan's baby was born premature. She had some health difficulties. The doctor said that she needed to wear glasses to help her eyes. He prescribed special glasses for premature babies. The glasses helped.
0	Jan's baby was born premature. She had some health difficulties. The doctor said that she needed to wear glasses to help her eyes. He prescribed special glasses for premature babies. Jan was confused by the doctor's prescription.
0	Sam opened his email to a new insurance premium. He quite literally spat coffee when he saw the final tally. He steamed that the jokers had raised his rate by $50! Sam spent the whole day shopping around for a new insurance broker. He decided to call and thank his broker for the email.
1	Sam opened his email to a new insurance premium. He quite literally spat coffee when he saw the final tally. He steamed that the jokers had raised his rate by $50! Sam spent the whole day shopping around for a new insurance broker. He found one that offered the same coverage for $80 less.
1	Mike was in charge of the local flea market. A man called him and asked for a spot at the market. Mike told him it would cost $40 to set up a table. The man on the phone tried to bribe Mike with some of his wares. Mike hung up on him.
0	Mike was in charge of the local flea market. A man called him and asked for a spot at the market. Mike told him it would cost $40 to set up a table. The man on the phone tried to bribe Mike with some of his wares. Mike cried hysterically.
1	Polly planted crocus bulbs with her grandmother. Grandma told her that they would bloom in early spring. There was a late snow that year. But the crocus were not to be deterred. They bloomed right on schedule.
0	Polly planted crocus bulbs with her grandmother. Grandma told her that they would bloom in early spring. There was a late snow that year. But the crocus were not to be deterred. Polly's plants never bloomed.
0	Brenda wanted to learn how to swim. So she took swimming lessons at a local college. Her instructor noticed that she had potential. And he encouraged her to join a swimming team. Brenda did not like the instructors negative attitude.
1	Brenda wanted to learn how to swim. So she took swimming lessons at a local college. Her instructor noticed that she had potential. And he encouraged her to join a swimming team. Brenda started to compete after joining the team.
0	Paul was embarrassed by his bad skin. He had been troubled by acne for a long time. He realized it was causing him to be antisocial. He made an appointment with a dermatologist. Paul changed schools instead.
1	Paul was embarrassed by his bad skin. He had been troubled by acne for a long time. He realized it was causing him to be antisocial. He made an appointment with a dermatologist. Paul went and started noticing improvements.
1	Naomi and Andy were riding their bikes in downtown SF. Naomi heard a loud crash and turned around to look at Andy. Andy had swerved away from an oncoming vehicle and into a trolley. On impact Andy was flung over his handlebars and landed on his wrist. Andy's wrist was broken.
0	Naomi and Andy were riding their bikes in downtown SF. Naomi heard a loud crash and turned around to look at Andy. Andy had swerved away from an oncoming vehicle and into a trolley. On impact Andy was flung over his handlebars and landed on his wrist. Andy's wrist was in great shape.
1	Ala went to the park. There she saw a few of her friends. They challenged her to a game of Frisbee. Ala accepted the challenge. Ala won the game.
0	Ala went to the park. There she saw a few of her friends. They challenged her to a game of Frisbee. Ala accepted the challenge. Ala immediately left for work.
1	Dana couldn't find her car keys this morning. She looked everywhere. She examined each room carefully. She finally signaled a sigh of relief. Dana found her keys in her back pocket.
0	Dana couldn't find her car keys this morning. She looked everywhere. She examined each room carefully. She finally signaled a sigh of relief. Dana walked to work instead.
1	Tam, the star of a popular musical came down with laryngitis. Her understudy Sal, would have to perform opening night! Sal gave a wonderful performance. The director made Saul the new star. Saul's career took off.
0	Tam, the star of a popular musical came down with laryngitis. Her understudy Sal, would have to perform opening night! Sal gave a wonderful performance. The director made Saul the new star. Saul never performed again.
0	Heather decided to call her grandma on her birthday. She dialed Grandma's phone number. The phone rang. Grandma answered the phone. She hung up on Heather and unplugged the phone.
1	Heather decided to call her grandma on her birthday. She dialed Grandma's phone number. The phone rang. Grandma answered the phone. Hearing from Heather made her day.
0	Stella twisted her ankle in a basketball game. It was a painful injury. She wouldn't be able to play for at least 6 weeks. There was a recruiter coming to her school next week. The recruiter watched her play the next week and signed her.
1	Stella twisted her ankle in a basketball game. It was a painful injury. She wouldn't be able to play for at least 6 weeks. There was a recruiter coming to her school next week. She was devastated.
0	It was very hot outside. Since it was so hot, I decided to make popsicles. I took a mold and filled it with fruit juice. Then, I put the popsicles in the freezer. I immediately took them out and put them in the fridge.
1	It was very hot outside. Since it was so hot, I decided to make popsicles. I took a mold and filled it with fruit juice. Then, I put the popsicles in the freezer. The popsicles froze after a couple of hours.
0	Eunice is interested in feeling less anxious all the time. A friend recommends she tries practicing yoga. At first Eunice finds yoga very challenging. Eunice enjoys yoga more after several months. Eunice had a panic attack today.
1	Eunice is interested in feeling less anxious all the time. A friend recommends she tries practicing yoga. At first Eunice finds yoga very challenging. Eunice enjoys yoga more after several months. Eunice has found peace.
1	A man was stranded on an island. He had no idea if anybody would come to save him. The first thing he did was make a fire. Next thing he did was start building a shelter. Just then, a large cruise ship passed and he was rescued.
0	A man was stranded on an island. He had no idea if anybody would come to save him. The first thing he did was make a fire. Next thing he did was start building a shelter. A ship passed and he hid.
1	Beth noticed things were missing from her desk at work. Her husband suggested investing in a miniature camera. Beth set it up and put some money in her drawer as bait. The camera captured her coworker going through her desk. Beth confronted her coworker about it.
0	Beth noticed things were missing from her desk at work. Her husband suggested investing in a miniature camera. Beth set it up and put some money in her drawer as bait. The camera captured her coworker going through her desk. Beth didn't mind what her coworker did,
0	Jerry loved running everywhere. He ran to school and back. He ran to the store. One day there was a beautiful sunset. Jerry continued to run.
1	Jerry loved running everywhere. He ran to school and back. He ran to the store. One day there was a beautiful sunset. Jerry stopped running.
1	Toni took a trip to the local fair with her family. She immediately laid eyes on a pretty balloon. The balloon was red and star shaped. Unfortunately it slipped out of her hands. She was sad to see it go.
0	Toni took a trip to the local fair with her family. She immediately laid eyes on a pretty balloon. The balloon was red and star shaped. Unfortunately it slipped out of her hands. She was happy.
0	Travis needed some fast cash. He thought about it and decided that selling his car was a good idea. Travis listed his car for sale in the local paper. After only a couple weeks he found somebody very interested. Travis gave it to the man for free.
1	Travis needed some fast cash. He thought about it and decided that selling his car was a good idea. Travis listed his car for sale in the local paper. After only a couple weeks he found somebody very interested. He sold the car and solved his money problems.
0	On the first day of preschool, I sat next to a random boy. We started talking about sports and we instantly liked each other. I invited him to my house and his mom dropped him off. We played football, basketball, and baseball. I hate sports.
1	On the first day of preschool, I sat next to a random boy. We started talking about sports and we instantly liked each other. I invited him to my house and his mom dropped him off. We played football, basketball, and baseball. We became great friends!
0	Lars was playing XBOX. His controller stopped working during a game. Lars didn't have a car so he had to walk all the way to the store. The store was being remodeled when he got there so he went to another. Lars used his money for drugs.
1	Lars was playing XBOX. His controller stopped working during a game. Lars didn't have a car so he had to walk all the way to the store. The store was being remodeled when he got there so he went to another. Lars wasn't able to find a controller.
0	I was buying a magazine the other day. The price came out to more than I had. It was off by only a few cents. The stand didn't accept debit cards. I was so embarrassed when I vomited on the sidewalk.
1	I was buying a magazine the other day. The price came out to more than I had. It was off by only a few cents. The stand didn't accept debit cards. The news agent told me to give him the rest of the money later.
0	He couldn't believe what his boss told him. The boss told him he could leave early. Somebody else would finish his work. He had not been this excited in a long time. He was very angry at his boss.
1	He couldn't believe what his boss told him. The boss told him he could leave early. Somebody else would finish his work. He had not been this excited in a long time. He planned to visit his friends earlier than usual.
0	Craig just graduated high school and wants a job. He gets the daily newspaper and checks out the help wanted ads. He draws up his resume. One of the people where he applies calls him for an interview. Craig calls the person back and tells them to stop harassing him.
1	Craig just graduated high school and wants a job. He gets the daily newspaper and checks out the help wanted ads. He draws up his resume. One of the people where he applies calls him for an interview. He calls them back and schedules an interview.
1	Charles thought Sherry was a poor girl, and he loved her. Sherry had been on unemployment for a year, since Charles met her. One day, Sherry was very busy and savvy finding a job. She landed a position as a loan officer in a bank. Charles lost interest in Sherry when she became self supporting.
0	Charles thought Sherry was a poor girl, and he loved her. Sherry had been on unemployment for a year, since Charles met her. One day, Sherry was very busy and savvy finding a job. She landed a position as a loan officer in a bank. Sherry found the job of a teller did not pay the bills.
1	Joan saw a TV show about coupon queens. She decided to join in this thrifty enterprise. Joan's boss found her clipping coupons instead of working. He told Joan she was no longer needed on the job. Joan regretted her new hobby.
0	Joan saw a TV show about coupon queens. She decided to join in this thrifty enterprise. Joan's boss found her clipping coupons instead of working. He told Joan she was no longer needed on the job. Joan was glad she could clip coupons at work.
1	I used to store my unread books on the floor. Today I decided to organize them. I cleaned out a row on my book case. I transported about 10 books to the shelf. Now my books are organized.
0	I used to store my unread books on the floor. Today I decided to organize them. I cleaned out a row on my book case. I transported about 10 books to the shelf. My books are very disorganized.
0	The office worker claimed she was the best multitasker in the world. Her boss wanted her to prove it, so she gave her a bunch of jobs. The worker cracked her knuckles and began the list of jobs. The worker worked with a great flurry and speed. The office worker gave up and checked into rehab.
1	The office worker claimed she was the best multitasker in the world. Her boss wanted her to prove it, so she gave her a bunch of jobs. The worker cracked her knuckles and began the list of jobs. The worker worked with a great flurry and speed. All projects were completed on time and all were  correct.
0	Eli was at a party with older kids. They decided to start drinking beer. He tried to fit in and drank some too. He got sick and threw up all over the living room. Eli's parents felt proud about the choices he made.
1	Eli was at a party with older kids. They decided to start drinking beer. He tried to fit in and drank some too. He got sick and threw up all over the living room. Eli's parents found out and were angry at him.
1	Carla wanted to eat a hot dog after class. But the food truck that was usually on her campus wasn't there. She found out that it moved to another location on the campus. It was such a long walk from her class. Carla decided to eat somewhere else.
0	Carla wanted to eat a hot dog after class. But the food truck that was usually on her campus wasn't there. She found out that it moved to another location on the campus. It was such a long walk from her class. Carla wasn't hungry.
0	Patricia grew up in the 1980's. She was inspired by the glam rockers she listened to. She learned guitar so she could be a glam rocker someday. As an adult she gathered talent and started a band. Patricia hates rock music.
1	Patricia grew up in the 1980's. She was inspired by the glam rockers she listened to. She learned guitar so she could be a glam rocker someday. As an adult she gathered talent and started a band. The band went on to be very successful.
1	Nancy took her son to see some of her friends. Her friends decided to smoke and offered a cigarette. Although she had a baby on her, she decided to smoke. Her son ending up crying from the smoke. Nancy was a thoughtless parent.
0	Nancy took her son to see some of her friends. Her friends decided to smoke and offered a cigarette. Although she had a baby on her, she decided to smoke. Her son ending up crying from the smoke. Nancy was a responsible parent.
0	Tina went to the park to go on a run. It was a glorious day outside as she ran across the field. She stopped at a bench to take a rest. A butterfly landed on her hand. Tina jumped on a train.
1	Tina went to the park to go on a run. It was a glorious day outside as she ran across the field. She stopped at a bench to take a rest. A butterfly landed on her hand. Tina admired the butterfly.
1	Marcus wanted a new hat. After he checked his piggy bank he went to the mall. He went inside the hat store and tried on various hats. After he found a hat he liked, he bought it. Marcus wore the hat the next day.
0	Marcus wanted a new hat. After he checked his piggy bank he went to the mall. He went inside the hat store and tried on various hats. After he found a hat he liked, he bought it. Marcus threw away the hat when he got home.
0	Malcolm was a brilliant mathematician. He wrote many books on the subject. His books were easy to read and easy to understand. The helped people around the world. Malcolm greatly enjoyed being such a smart linguist.
1	Malcolm was a brilliant mathematician. He wrote many books on the subject. His books were easy to read and easy to understand. The helped people around the world. He found it very gratifying to share his expertise with people.
0	Our family moved from New York to North Carolina. We really missed our family and friends back home. Our aunt and cousin came for a visit one weekend. We spent four days doing a lot of fun stuff together. I was glad when they finally left.
1	Our family moved from New York to North Carolina. We really missed our family and friends back home. Our aunt and cousin came for a visit one weekend. We spent four days doing a lot of fun stuff together. I was sad to see them leave when they went home.
1	Dennis was walking in the woods. He found a black lab. The lab tried to bite him. Dennis showed he was a friend not enemy. The lab and Dennis became best friends.
0	Dennis was walking in the woods. He found a black lab. The lab tried to bite him. Dennis showed he was a friend not enemy. The rabbit hopped away.
0	Every year I have a Christmas party at my house. This year was no different. I grabbed my friends together and we had a party. I got it catered and had a DJ as well. My sister has a lot of homework.
1	Every year I have a Christmas party at my house. This year was no different. I grabbed my friends together and we had a party. I got it catered and had a DJ as well. All my friends had a lot of fun at the party.
1	Tim had just gotten fired from his job. He had no money and no place to live. He asked his parents if he could stay there. They graciously let him stay at their home. Tim was glad to have somewhere to stay.
0	Tim had just gotten fired from his job. He had no money and no place to live. He asked his parents if he could stay there. They graciously let him stay at their home. Tim said he would not be able to afford the rent.
0	Today was moving day. Unfortunately it started raining early in the morning. Since all of my things were packed, the move went quick. We got a little bit wet! I wish it had rained more.
1	Today was moving day. Unfortunately it started raining early in the morning. Since all of my things were packed, the move went quick. We got a little bit wet! I wish he had been sunny.
1	Lorraine decides she wants to dress up for a night out. At first she is unsure how to look especially nice. Finally she decides to apply mascara and lipstick. She feels much more confident and beautiful. Later on, she meets a handsome gentleman.
0	Lorraine decides she wants to dress up for a night out. At first she is unsure how to look especially nice. Finally she decides to apply mascara and lipstick. She feels much more confident and beautiful. She sobbed quietly, feeling very lonely.
1	Stacey was going to the store. Her mother told her to take an umbrella just in case. Stacey said it wasn't necessary. Sure enough it started to rainy while she was at the store. She wished she'd listened to her mother's advice.
0	Stacey was going to the store. Her mother told her to take an umbrella just in case. Stacey said it wasn't necessary. Sure enough it started to rainy while she was at the store. She blamed her mom for not warning her about the weather.
0	Ana was grilling chicken for a picnic lunch outside. Suddenly she had a yen for sweet fresh corn to accompany the meal. She went through the fields behind her house and picked a few ears. Then she brought them back and buttered and grilled them. Ana hated corn.
1	Ana was grilling chicken for a picnic lunch outside. Suddenly she had a yen for sweet fresh corn to accompany the meal. She went through the fields behind her house and picked a few ears. Then she brought them back and buttered and grilled them. The corn was delicious.
1	Tom loved burgers. He went to his friends house to eat dinner. They were having burgers made of turkey not beef. Tom got angry when he found this out. Tom complained all evening about the turkey burgers.
0	Tom loved burgers. He went to his friends house to eat dinner. They were having burgers made of turkey not beef. Tom got angry when he found this out. Tom was excited about the turkey burgers.
1	Mom took us some place special today. We got to meet our new friend. Our new friend is a cute, black puppy. We get to bring him home today. But realized he needed to be potty-trained.
0	Mom took us some place special today. We got to meet our new friend. Our new friend is a cute, black puppy. We get to bring him home today. I went with my new friend to the movies.
0	Paul had to write a research paper for school on Monday. Paul sat around all weekend and forgot about his paper. He finally remembered his paper on Sunday night before bed. Paul sat up all night typing his research paper! Paul decided not to do it.
1	Paul had to write a research paper for school on Monday. Paul sat around all weekend and forgot about his paper. He finally remembered his paper on Sunday night before bed. Paul sat up all night typing his research paper! Paul promised to stop procrastinating.
1	Ava and Jim decided to take their little boy to the circus. They thought he'd love the performers and animals. But when they took him, they got a shock. The poor little boy wailed with terror! He finally calmed down and enjoyed it.
0	Ava and Jim decided to take their little boy to the circus. They thought he'd love the performers and animals. But when they took him, they got a shock. The poor little boy wailed with terror! The parents left the boy and went home.
1	Bob sorted his laundry carefully to separate out the whites. When the buzzer went off he opened the washer. To his horror, his clothes were no longer white. He had accidentally left a red shirt in with the whites. His work shirt was ruined.
0	Bob sorted his laundry carefully to separate out the whites. When the buzzer went off he opened the washer. To his horror, his clothes were no longer white. He had accidentally left a red shirt in with the whites. His clothes were still white.
0	Ivy was scared to go to summer camp. But she steeled herself and got on the bus. When she got there, she went to talk to the other campers. Soon she had made a few new friends. But she wanted to go home.
1	Ivy was scared to go to summer camp. But she steeled herself and got on the bus. When she got there, she went to talk to the other campers. Soon she had made a few new friends. Ivy ended up loving summer camp.
1	Timmy was on an eco-tour in the forest. He was studying bats. He set up cameras and observed their habits. After a week he had collected lots of data. Tim could finally write his paper on bats.
0	Timmy was on an eco-tour in the forest. He was studying bats. He set up cameras and observed their habits. After a week he had collected lots of data. Tim compiled a report on rabbits.
0	While doing dishes I grabbed two tea cups with one hand. They banged together and chipped one. I picked up the chip and set it aside. The next day I glued it back together. I threw the cups in the garbage.
1	While doing dishes I grabbed two tea cups with one hand. They banged together and chipped one. I picked up the chip and set it aside. The next day I glued it back together. The glue held and I drank out of the cups.
1	Thomas finds that coffee always tastes better when he makes it. His wife has tried to make coffee the same way that he does. It never turns out tasting the same, however. He tries to teach her how to make it the way he does. After several weeks of trying, she finally succeeds.
0	Thomas finds that coffee always tastes better when he makes it. His wife has tried to make coffee the same way that he does. It never turns out tasting the same, however. He tries to teach her how to make it the way he does. Thomas decides he likes tea better than coffee.
0	A man breaks into a house and begins to take things. He takes jewelry and games, some cash, and some food. When the family comes home they call the police. The police come and investigate and manage to track him. The man goes back to the house to talk to the family.
1	A man breaks into a house and begins to take things. He takes jewelry and games, some cash, and some food. When the family comes home they call the police. The police come and investigate and manage to track him. The police arrest him.
1	Jane was addicted to a soap opera. She would watch it every day. Last Friday was the big finale. She was glued to the screen. Jane was happy with the ending of the series.
0	Jane was addicted to a soap opera. She would watch it every day. Last Friday was the big finale. She was glued to the screen. Jane took the children for ice cream since their father was drunk.
0	My parents needed to buy a new television. They went to the electronic's store. They were overwhelmed by the choices but found someone to help. He made their decision easier with his answers. My parents bought a purple van with flowers on it.
1	My parents needed to buy a new television. They went to the electronic's store. They were overwhelmed by the choices but found someone to help. He made their decision easier with his answers. Now they can really enjoy their favorite shows and movies.
1	Eric's mother made him practice piano everyday. He also had piano lessons every week. He was really unprepared for his lesson this week. His teacher screamed at him for not practicing. Eric was mortified.
0	Eric's mother made him practice piano everyday. He also had piano lessons every week. He was really unprepared for his lesson this week. His teacher screamed at him for not practicing. Eric's teacher was pleased with his progress.
1	John was at the gym. He tried to lift too much weight on the bench. He couldn't get the barbell off his chest. He was too embarrassed to call for help. John suffocated as the weights crushed his chest.
0	John was at the gym. He tried to lift too much weight on the bench. He couldn't get the barbell off his chest. He was too embarrassed to call for help. John began singing show tunes.
0	Theodore was taking a typing class. He worked very hard on learning to type quickly. He was sure he wasn't moving as fast as he should. The day of the test came, and Theodore was nervous. Theodore welcomed competition.
1	Theodore was taking a typing class. He worked very hard on learning to type quickly. He was sure he wasn't moving as fast as he should. The day of the test came, and Theodore was nervous. Theodore passed the test.
0	One night Tom and Allie went for a walk to the general store. They had to walk along a winding highway through the woods. Along the way, they talked about their various memories and interests. When they got there, they bought some snacks and sat outside. Tom recalled how he had never liked Allie.
1	One night Tom and Allie went for a walk to the general store. They had to walk along a winding highway through the woods. Along the way, they talked about their various memories and interests. When they got there, they bought some snacks and sat outside. Tom recalled how great it was to have met Allie.
0	Sue had a date on Thursday night. They went to a movie and got food after. She thought it went well and was excited for a second date. Unfortunately it's been a week and she hasn't heard from him. Sue decides to go on a date with him again tomorrow.
1	Sue had a date on Thursday night. They went to a movie and got food after. She thought it went well and was excited for a second date. Unfortunately it's been a week and she hasn't heard from him. Sue decides to forget the man.
1	Vianna needed an entirely new wardrobe. She checked online for places where she could buy clothing on a budget. She saw that forever21 had good clothing. She saw many items that she liked. She placed an order online.
0	Vianna needed an entirely new wardrobe. She checked online for places where she could buy clothing on a budget. She saw that forever21 had good clothing. She saw many items that she liked. She decided not to buy anything.
1	Its very quiet at night with no nurses running around the hospital. Only the constantly humming machine beside my bed comforts me. The machine has become my life. Life has become very simple now with an uncomplicated goal. I just want to survive.
0	Its very quiet at night with no nurses running around the hospital. Only the constantly humming machine beside my bed comforts me. The machine has become my life. Life has become very simple now with an uncomplicated goal. I can't wait to go on vacation tomorrow.
0	Jack was reading his newspaper when a black feather landed on it. He looked mystified at the feather. He looked up, wondering where it came from. There was a giant raven looking at him! Jack ate it.
1	Jack was reading his newspaper when a black feather landed on it. He looked mystified at the feather. He looked up, wondering where it came from. There was a giant raven looking at him! Jack was shocked.
1	Amelia had heard that you could eat dandelion salad. She was curious. She picked a few dandelions and leaves. Then she tossed them into salad and drizzled it with dressing. Amelia ate  the dandelion salad.
0	Amelia had heard that you could eat dandelion salad. She was curious. She picked a few dandelions and leaves. Then she tossed them into salad and drizzled it with dressing. Amelia got poison oak.
0	Reggie had never drank alcohol in his life, he was 19. He was doing military job training in Alabama. His acquaintances invited him to a forest to drink alcohol. He drank much and headed home with one another, none knowing the way. Reggie soberly directed everyone back to their bunks.
1	Reggie had never drank alcohol in his life, he was 19. He was doing military job training in Alabama. His acquaintances invited him to a forest to drink alcohol. He drank much and headed home with one another, none knowing the way. Reggie woke up in a hay field with a bad hangover.
0	Bob got ready for the children's performance. He got out his makeup kit and washed his face. He applied a coat of white paint. He then drew varying colors of rings around his eyes and mouth. Children has always annoyed Bob.
1	Bob got ready for the children's performance. He got out his makeup kit and washed his face. He applied a coat of white paint. He then drew varying colors of rings around his eyes and mouth. Bob enjoyed entertaining the kids.
1	Larry loves food. He does not know how to cook. One day, he took a cooking class. To his surprise, he was a good cook. Larry's favorite dish to cook is lasagna.
0	Larry loves food. He does not know how to cook. One day, he took a cooking class. To his surprise, he was a good cook. Larry hates cooking and would rather eat fast food.
0	Jake used to feed the squirrels that came to his yard. He was pretty sure that he could tell them apart. To test this, he used to give one squirrel more food than the others. Eventually, he was able to identify which one it was. Jake had never seen a squirrel before.
1	Jake used to feed the squirrels that came to his yard. He was pretty sure that he could tell them apart. To test this, he used to give one squirrel more food than the others. Eventually, he was able to identify which one it was. Jake gave the squirrel a name.
0	Jennifer always wanted to have the birthday of her dreams. Her parents surprised her with a big birthday party at the park. All of her friends and family came to celebrate her special day. She was so happy as she blew out the candles on her cake. She ran off crying.
1	Jennifer always wanted to have the birthday of her dreams. Her parents surprised her with a big birthday party at the park. All of her friends and family came to celebrate her special day. She was so happy as she blew out the candles on her cake. It was the best day of birthday she could have imagined.
0	Yesterday I was at the mall shopping. To my dismay the alarm went on. Apparently someone stole clothes. Thankfully the perpetrator was caught. I heard on the news that night they sent the kidnapper to prison.
1	Yesterday I was at the mall shopping. To my dismay the alarm went on. Apparently someone stole clothes. Thankfully the perpetrator was caught. I saw a report about the shoplifter on the news that night.
1	It was my first time ever playing football and I was so nervous. I had never been tackled before. I hoped it would not hurt. During the game, I got tackled and it did not hurt at all! From then on, I felt more confident playing football.
0	It was my first time ever playing football and I was so nervous. I had never been tackled before. I hoped it would not hurt. During the game, I got tackled and it did not hurt at all! I realized playing baseball was really a lot of fun.
0	Florence wanted to find something fun to do one afternoon. She decided to drive to the lake to go fishing. At the lake she met three other people who were also fishing. Although she did not catch a fish, Florence had a great time. Florence never went fishing again.
1	Florence wanted to find something fun to do one afternoon. She decided to drive to the lake to go fishing. At the lake she met three other people who were also fishing. Although she did not catch a fish, Florence had a great time. Florence and her new friends went fishing again the next day.
1	Sarah was out with her friends. She had been watching a movie at the theater. Sarah lost track of time and arrived back at home late. She missed her curfew by a few hours. Sarah's parents were upset and moved her curfew even earlier.
0	Sarah was out with her friends. She had been watching a movie at the theater. Sarah lost track of time and arrived back at home late. She missed her curfew by a few hours. Sarah's parents were waiting for her with flowers and candy.
0	Tim and his friends were standing on an overpass. They were chucking rocks at cars as they passed under the overpass. Usually they missed, but one time their rock shattered a windshield. The man pulled over and got out of his car. The man shouted at the boys that it was a good throw.
1	Tim and his friends were standing on an overpass. They were chucking rocks at cars as they passed under the overpass. Usually they missed, but one time their rock shattered a windshield. The man pulled over and got out of his car. Tim and his friends ran before the man could see them.
0	An office worker booted up her computer. She intended to do her quarterly reports. No matter how much she clicked, though, she could not open programs. Despair settled over her like a pea-soup fog of misery. The office worker began to sing a happy little tune.
1	An office worker booted up her computer. She intended to do her quarterly reports. No matter how much she clicked, though, she could not open programs. Despair settled over her like a pea-soup fog of misery. The office worker knew it was going to be a long day.
0	Old Aunt Margaret loved her tea pot. It had been in her family for three generations. Passed down from mother to daughter. Unfortunately Old Aunt Margaret didn't have any children. She threw the teapot away.
1	Old Aunt Margaret loved her tea pot. It had been in her family for three generations. Passed down from mother to daughter. Unfortunately Old Aunt Margaret didn't have any children. She decided to give the teapot to her niece.
0	Neil loved visiting Romania! Transylvania was lovely even though he saw no vampires. But his favorite stop was Bucharest! The Romanian capital was vibrant and lively. Neil decided never to return to Romania.
1	Neil loved visiting Romania! Transylvania was lovely even though he saw no vampires. But his favorite stop was Bucharest! The Romanian capital was vibrant and lively. Neil had a great time.
1	I woke up today and realized the plants needed water. I went to the kitchen to retrieve the pail. After working a bit, I watered all of my plants. It might take a day or so but they'll look better. I hope my plants survive.
0	I woke up today and realized the plants needed water. I went to the kitchen to retrieve the pail. After working a bit, I watered all of my plants. It might take a day or so but they'll look better. I hope my plants die.
0	Stacey's cats were acting weird. They would run and hide randomly. She took them to the veterinarian to see what was wrong. They said both were perfectly healthy. Stacey had no pets.
1	Stacey's cats were acting weird. They would run and hide randomly. She took them to the veterinarian to see what was wrong. They said both were perfectly healthy. Stacey decided they were just weird.
0	I found a cat outside one day. I took her to the boat with me. I was planning on taking her to the shelter. However, I got very attached to her. I hated the cat.
1	I found a cat outside one day. I took her to the boat with me. I was planning on taking her to the shelter. However, I got very attached to her. I decided to keep the cat.
0	My dad was dating a girl. The girl had a friend. The friend liked my dad. My dad eventually started to date the friend. My dad went to work.
1	My dad was dating a girl. The girl had a friend. The friend liked my dad. My dad eventually started to date the friend. The first girl was very upset.
0	Betty didn't like onions. She would order everything on a burger except onions. When she got back from the fast food place she opened her burger. It had onions on it. Betty was happy at management.
1	Betty didn't like onions. She would order everything on a burger except onions. When she got back from the fast food place she opened her burger. It had onions on it. Betty was outraged and returned it.
1	Sue just bought a brand new computer. She wanted to play games on it. She downloaded her favorite game. She was so glad that it ran smoothly. She had a great time.
0	Sue just bought a brand new computer. She wanted to play games on it. She downloaded her favorite game. She was so glad that it ran smoothly. She decided to never play video games again.
0	Mary was near the end of a 2 hour dental procedure. The Novocaine was starting to wear off. She could feel her flesh being cut. But the dentist kept going insisting it was only pressure she felt. She agreed with him and sat calmly as he finished.
1	Mary was near the end of a 2 hour dental procedure. The Novocaine was starting to wear off. She could feel her flesh being cut. But the dentist kept going insisting it was only pressure she felt. By the end of it she was in tears and being held down.
0	Nita had a perfect Halloween witch costume. But it was chilly out and she needed a jacket. She did not want to ruin her great costume with a plain jacket! She asked her mom for help, and her mom made her a blanket 'cloak'. Nita stripped down to her skivvies and ran outside that way.
1	Nita had a perfect Halloween witch costume. But it was chilly out and she needed a jacket. She did not want to ruin her great costume with a plain jacket! She asked her mom for help, and her mom made her a blanket 'cloak'. Nita was pleased she could show off her costume and keep warm.
1	Melanie's smoke detector's alarm went off every time she made toast. She put up with the annoyance for two years. Finally, one day she decided to unplug the smoke detector. That very day, a real fire started in her apartment. Melanie's house ended up burning down.
0	Melanie's smoke detector's alarm went off every time she made toast. She put up with the annoyance for two years. Finally, one day she decided to unplug the smoke detector. That very day, a real fire started in her apartment. Melanie put the large fire out with her foot.
1	Joe was working at a marina. The winds started to pick up and he could tell a storm was coming. He had to take his small boat to pick up some customers at sea. The storm started rocking his small boat violently. Joe fell over the edge.
0	Joe was working at a marina. The winds started to pick up and he could tell a storm was coming. He had to take his small boat to pick up some customers at sea. The storm started rocking his small boat violently. Joe was glad that the sea was so calm that day.
1	Mia was making brownies for a party. She just used a boxed mix. The brownies turned out pretty good. At the last minute, she added frosting to the top of them. Now they were awesome.
0	Mia was making brownies for a party. She just used a boxed mix. The brownies turned out pretty good. At the last minute, she added frosting to the top of them. Everybody loved the hot dogs.
0	Kyle invited everyone he works with out bowling one night. Most people couldn't go but Matt and John showed up. Matt had never been bowling before so they had to show him how to. After a few games, Matt picked up how to play pretty well. Kyle took the children shopping for a gift for their mother.
1	Kyle invited everyone he works with out bowling one night. Most people couldn't go but Matt and John showed up. Matt had never been bowling before so they had to show him how to. After a few games, Matt picked up how to play pretty well. Now Matt and Kyle can go bowling more often.
1	While sitting on the bus he saw her standing on the corner. Her beauty was like none he'd ever seen. As he walked off the bus he wondered if he should have pursued her. He slowly took the elevator to his tenth story office. He thought about her all day.
0	While sitting on the bus he saw her standing on the corner. Her beauty was like none he'd ever seen. As he walked off the bus he wondered if he should have pursued her. He slowly took the elevator to his tenth story office. He felt relieved that he did not talk with her.
1	It had been raining for days. The water came into the house and we couldn't pump it out in time. We moved up to the second floor but were afraid of the stagnant water. Eventually a rescue boat came by and got us. We were relieved.
0	It had been raining for days. The water came into the house and we couldn't pump it out in time. We moved up to the second floor but were afraid of the stagnant water. Eventually a rescue boat came by and got us. We were furious that the boat came so close to our house.
0	Jolene was running late for work. She was speeding in her car. A policeman pulled her over. She was given a speeding ticket. Jolene loved what she was given.
1	Jolene was running late for work. She was speeding in her car. A policeman pulled her over. She was given a speeding ticket. Jolene was even more late.
0	Natalie went out of her way to make people unhappy. She wanted other people to be as unhappy as her. She primarily worked with petty insults. She made people self-conscious, and they left her alone. Natalie made friends very easily.
1	Natalie went out of her way to make people unhappy. She wanted other people to be as unhappy as her. She primarily worked with petty insults. She made people self-conscious, and they left her alone. Natalie died a bitter crone, loved by no one.
0	Year's ago I decided to start buying Investment Bonds. I completed the forms necessary for payroll withholdings. The deductions started immediately. In 2008 the economy went bust which caused the bonds to lose value. I made a lot of money.
1	Year's ago I decided to start buying Investment Bonds. I completed the forms necessary for payroll withholdings. The deductions started immediately. In 2008 the economy went bust which caused the bonds to lose value. I lost a lot of money.
0	Eve wrote short stories and published them online. She didn't make any money but enjoyed her hobby. One day, she saw an advertisement for freelance writing. She submitted one of her old published stories. Eve decided that she hated writing.
1	Eve wrote short stories and published them online. She didn't make any money but enjoyed her hobby. One day, she saw an advertisement for freelance writing. She submitted one of her old published stories. They offered her a job.
0	Sal scoured the jungle looking for the perfect sandal wood. He came across a perfect candidate tree! He cut it down and brought it to his shop. The sandals made from the tree were very high grade. Sam's sandals fell apart.
1	Sal scoured the jungle looking for the perfect sandal wood. He came across a perfect candidate tree! He cut it down and brought it to his shop. The sandals made from the tree were very high grade. Sal loved the smell of sandalwood.
1	Jackie was 11 and had to get braces. She was worried about what her friends would think. She tried to hide them when she first got them. Eventually her friends saw them and she was embarrassed. Her friends noticed she was embarrassed and decided to comfort her.
0	Jackie was 11 and had to get braces. She was worried about what her friends would think. She tried to hide them when she first got them. Eventually her friends saw them and she was embarrassed. She decided she would eat a sandwich for lunch.
1	Alfred had a barbecue with his friends. They all came and brought their favorite dish. When the food was ready, everyone sat down to eat together. The food was delicious and the company was great. Alfred had a great time and was happy.
0	Alfred had a barbecue with his friends. They all came and brought their favorite dish. When the food was ready, everyone sat down to eat together. The food was delicious and the company was great. The barbecue did not go well.
0	Cody really wanted a smart phone. His parents said no, believing him to be too young. Cody protested that all of his friends had their own phones. His parents phoned some of the other parents. They gave in and agreed to buy Cody a car.
1	Cody really wanted a smart phone. His parents said no, believing him to be too young. Cody protested that all of his friends had their own phones. His parents phoned some of the other parents. His parents learned that Cody had been exaggerating.
1	I was really excited about the Jimmy Buffett concert. My friend Jeff was going to come pick me up at 6 in the evening. But I was feeling sleepy, and took a little nap about 4 o'clock. When I finally woke up it was nearly 8 o'clock at night! I was so disappointed that I missed the concert.
0	I was really excited about the Jimmy Buffett concert. My friend Jeff was going to come pick me up at 6 in the evening. But I was feeling sleepy, and took a little nap about 4 o'clock. When I finally woke up it was nearly 8 o'clock at night! I was glad that I caught up on my sleep.
0	This year the American Idol auditions came to Philadelphia. Since Jen only lived 2 hours away, she auditioned for the show. She arrived at the stadium among thousands of other contestants. Jen was so nervous when she stood in front of the judges. Jen enjoyed her dinner with the judges.
1	This year the American Idol auditions came to Philadelphia. Since Jen only lived 2 hours away, she auditioned for the show. She arrived at the stadium among thousands of other contestants. Jen was so nervous when she stood in front of the judges. Jen surprised the judges with how well she sang.
1	I found a flower in a field that I've never seen before. I took out my knife and cut the head off. I wrapped the head and put it in my bag. When I was home I dried out the flower head. I flattened it for my journal.
0	I found a flower in a field that I've never seen before. I took out my knife and cut the head off. I wrapped the head and put it in my bag. When I was home I dried out the flower head. I burned it in a fire.
0	Harry had a big crush on Mary. He asked her out on a date one evening. Mary told him that she wasn't interested. Harry was saddened by her response. He was so happy.
1	Harry had a big crush on Mary. He asked her out on a date one evening. Mary told him that she wasn't interested. Harry was saddened by her response. He became very depressed.
0	John was not looking forward to his social studies class. They were learning to knit scarves to make for the homeless. As the teacher taught them what to do, he realized it was fun. He finished a scarf in class. John unraveled his scarf and threw it into the garbage.
1	John was not looking forward to his social studies class. They were learning to knit scarves to make for the homeless. As the teacher taught them what to do, he realized it was fun. He finished a scarf in class. John decided to make more scarves in his spare time.
1	Fanny is new at school. She is from England. Many kids do not understand her accent. This made Fanny sad. Fanny is having a difficult time making friends.
0	Fanny is new at school. She is from England. Many kids do not understand her accent. This made Fanny sad. Fanny enjoys her new school.
0	Fred wanted to go somewhere nice with his girlfriend. He had already been saving for months to take her out to eat. He was going to take her to the most expensive restaurant in his city. He got dressed in his best clothes and went to pick her up. He decided to go to a fast food restaurant by himself.
1	Fred wanted to go somewhere nice with his girlfriend. He had already been saving for months to take her out to eat. He was going to take her to the most expensive restaurant in his city. He got dressed in his best clothes and went to pick her up. He went to the restaurant with his girlfriend and had a nice meal.
0	My brother and I always compete at carving Jack-o-Lanterns. We try to see who can carve the craziest face. I carved a face comprised entirely of different-sized squares. My brother carved a face in a strange spiral pattern. I tripped and spilled a bowl of Halloween candy on the  porch.
1	My brother and I always compete at carving Jack-o-Lanterns. We try to see who can carve the craziest face. I carved a face comprised entirely of different-sized squares. My brother carved a face in a strange spiral pattern. My mother said she thought mine was the oddest looking.
0	Michelle was walking down the street. Then a man in a mask grabbed her purse and ran. Michelle did not know what to do so she yelled at him. A passerby stopped the criminal and held him down. Michelle then yelled at the man to let go of the mugger.
1	Michelle was walking down the street. Then a man in a mask grabbed her purse and ran. Michelle did not know what to do so she yelled at him. A passerby stopped the criminal and held him down. Michelle then went on a date with the man and fell in love.
1	I was listening to music last night. It was a great new song. I didn't realize how loud it was. The neighbors knocked on the door and asked to turn it down. I apologized and turned it down.
0	I was listening to music last night. It was a great new song. I didn't realize how loud it was. The neighbors knocked on the door and asked to turn it down. I shut the door and turned it up.
1	Iris was supposed to bring wine to dinner. She went to the liquor store. She browsed the wine selection. Then she found a great bottle of wine to bring. Iris purchased the wine.
0	Iris was supposed to bring wine to dinner. She went to the liquor store. She browsed the wine selection. Then she found a great bottle of wine to bring. Iris purchased a case of beer.
1	Today was the day that my online project was due. It consisted of a group assignment with three other members. It was my duty to organize an informative powerpoint. When I called them to email me their work, no one responded. I was frustrated and scared about their lack of response.
0	Today was the day that my online project was due. It consisted of a group assignment with three other members. It was my duty to organize an informative powerpoint. When I called them to email me their work, no one responded. I decided it was their problem and not to worry about it.
0	Harold wanted to see his favorite band in concert. When they finally came to town, he bought a ticket. He entered the concert hall and found a good place to stand. The band played for three hours. Harold left disappointed that his band never showed up.
1	Harold wanted to see his favorite band in concert. When they finally came to town, he bought a ticket. He entered the concert hall and found a good place to stand. The band played for three hours. Harold's feet hurt after the concert.
0	All of the registers were full at the grocery store. Joe picked the shortest line and waited. When it was his turn he threw all his food on the belt. Joe barked at the cashier to scan his food quickly. Joe was happy to be having such a good day.
1	All of the registers were full at the grocery store. Joe picked the shortest line and waited. When it was his turn he threw all his food on the belt. Joe barked at the cashier to scan his food quickly. The cashier unhappily obliged.
0	John was a terrible boss. The workers decided to depose him. So they filed a complaint. Despite the complaint and following lawsuit John stayed. John was happy to be at home.
1	John was a terrible boss. The workers decided to depose him. So they filed a complaint. Despite the complaint and following lawsuit John stayed. John decided to be a better boss.
0	I had always wanted to get a puppy. I finally felt I was ready to adopt one. A friend gave me the name and number for a breeder. I visited her to see the puppies available. I decided to get a cat instead.
1	I had always wanted to get a puppy. I finally felt I was ready to adopt one. A friend gave me the name and number for a breeder. I visited her to see the puppies available. I found the puppy I wanted and brought her home.
0	My mom remarried when I was five. She married an alcoholic who was physically and mentally abusive. He used to make me pick out a belt so that he could whip me. One day I grabbed the belt away from him as he was hitting me. I laughed and asked for him to hit me harder.
1	My mom remarried when I was five. She married an alcoholic who was physically and mentally abusive. He used to make me pick out a belt so that he could whip me. One day I grabbed the belt away from him as he was hitting me. Not wanting him to grab the belt back, I ran out of the house.
1	Ray looked at his monthly power bill with anger. He went around his house and began to shut off extra lights. On his second trip around the house he unplugged extra electronics. Ray say in the darkness with satisfaction. He knew his next bill would be lower.
0	Ray looked at his monthly power bill with anger. He went around his house and began to shut off extra lights. On his second trip around the house he unplugged extra electronics. Ray say in the darkness with satisfaction. He loved watching television.
1	Dan made up his mind that he would buy a boat by the end of the week. He spent the first few days checking out the closest dealerships. After the third day he found one he was interested in. On the fourth day he went to his bank to get a loan. Dan bought his boat and spent the whole day sailing.
0	Dan made up his mind that he would buy a boat by the end of the week. He spent the first few days checking out the closest dealerships. After the third day he found one he was interested in. On the fourth day he went to his bank to get a loan. He spent all of the money on ice cream and pie.
1	Janet wanted to convince her friend Marge that palm reading is bunk. She agreed to undergo a palm reading with Marge. The palm reader informed Janet that her brother was angry with her. Janet did not have a brother. Marge treated Janet to dinner for trying to warn her.
0	Janet wanted to convince her friend Marge that palm reading is bunk. She agreed to undergo a palm reading with Marge. The palm reader informed Janet that her brother was angry with her. Janet did not have a brother. Janet created an imaginary  brother and is institutionalized.
1	Stephanie went to her favorite restaurant. She ordered her usual sandwich. She bit into something crunchy and unusual. Upon inspection, she noticed the foot of a mouse in her sandwich. The restaurant manager apologized and gave her a gift card.
0	Stephanie went to her favorite restaurant. She ordered her usual sandwich. She bit into something crunchy and unusual. Upon inspection, she noticed the foot of a mouse in her sandwich. She decided it was a welcome addition and kept eating.
1	The snow had finally finished falling. Bobby and his friends rushed outdoors to play in it. They made snowmen, snowballs, and sledded. Finally, they decided on an all out snowball war. Afterward,  Bobby and friends were covered in snow.
0	The snow had finally finished falling. Bobby and his friends rushed outdoors to play in it. They made snowmen, snowballs, and sledded. Finally, they decided on an all out snowball war. Their clothing was clean and dry at the end.
1	When Rod was eight he wanted to be a drummer. He would flip his mom's pans over and hit them. His parents had to put all the spoons out of his reach. After Years of wishing, his parents bought him a drum set. He was so excited to finally have a drum set.
0	When Rod was eight he wanted to be a drummer. He would flip his mom's pans over and hit them. His parents had to put all the spoons out of his reach. After Years of wishing, his parents bought him a drum set. He decided not to play the drums anymore.
1	Leopold's iguana went missing from his cage. Leopold looked everywhere and couldn't find the Iguana. Leopold thought the Iguana must have gotten outside. Leopold put up posters around his neighborhood. Leopold found his iguana under the couch that evening.
0	Leopold's iguana went missing from his cage. Leopold looked everywhere and couldn't find the Iguana. Leopold thought the Iguana must have gotten outside. Leopold put up posters around his neighborhood. Leopold does not miss his iguana.
0	I visited Harvard Square in 2004. I watched the chess hustlers play speed chess. I put down $5 and played a game. I played 3 more games and lost $15. I felt glad I won.
1	I visited Harvard Square in 2004. I watched the chess hustlers play speed chess. I put down $5 and played a game. I played 3 more games and lost $15. It was a learning experience.
1	Sally liked to skip. She skipped everywhere she went. She was skipping down the sidewalk one day. Sally tripped and fell down hard. She decided to be more careful when she skipped.
0	Sally liked to skip. She skipped everywhere she went. She was skipping down the sidewalk one day. Sally tripped and fell down hard. She skipped even faster and more recklessly after that.
1	A man got very tired of being dripped on by his igloo. He built himself a new one out of dry ice. It solved his dripping problem. Unfortunately, dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas. The man eventually died.
0	A man got very tired of being dripped on by his igloo. He built himself a new one out of dry ice. It solved his dripping problem. Unfortunately, dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas. The man felt he could breath much better.
1	Ava had hairy legs. She asked her mom if she could shave them. Ava's mom said she was probably old enough. Ava was so excited! Ava started shaving right away.
0	Ava had hairy legs. She asked her mom if she could shave them. Ava's mom said she was probably old enough. Ava was so excited! Ava was not happy with what her mother said.
0	Sasha loved writing from an early age. In her twenties she begins writing a novel and finishes it. Sasha decides to self-publish on amazon. Her book is sold through the kindle marketplace. She was disappointed that she never finished.
1	Sasha loved writing from an early age. In her twenties she begins writing a novel and finishes it. Sasha decides to self-publish on amazon. Her book is sold through the kindle marketplace. She was pleased that she sold several copies.
0	Agatha loved to bake cookies. One day she put a batch in to bake. However, after twenty minutes, there was no scent of cookies baking. She went to see what had happened. Agatha found the oven heat was too high.
1	Agatha loved to bake cookies. One day she put a batch in to bake. However, after twenty minutes, there was no scent of cookies baking. She went to see what had happened. Agatha found the oven was turned off.
0	Lacey had a bunch of chickens. One day, she realized one had laid an egg! She was so excited until she realized the egg was cold. She asked her son about it. Her son didn't know what she was talking about.
1	Lacey had a bunch of chickens. One day, she realized one had laid an egg! She was so excited until she realized the egg was cold. She asked her son about it. Her son had taken an egg from the ice box and put it in the nest.
1	Tom didn't know why his internet speed was so slow. He called his cable company but there were no problems. He finally decided to buy a new router. That made a huge difference. Tom was very happy to now be surfing quickly.
0	Tom didn't know why his internet speed was so slow. He called his cable company but there were no problems. He finally decided to buy a new router. That made a huge difference. Tom was glad his cable picture had improved.
1	On Easter, Hannah wanted to dye some eggs with her children. The family sat around the table with the eggs and colors ready. She helped her daughter make a pink and yellow egg. She made herself a light blue egg. Hannah loved the craft project.
0	On Easter, Hannah wanted to dye some eggs with her children. The family sat around the table with the eggs and colors ready. She helped her daughter make a pink and yellow egg. She made herself a light blue egg. Hannah was upset that she didn't get to eat scrambled eggs.
0	Jessie's friend John handed her a box of candy. She smiled, thanking him as she walked to her next class. Midway through she opened the box for a snack. Inside John had put a note asking her to prom. John hates Jessie.
1	Jessie's friend John handed her a box of candy. She smiled, thanking him as she walked to her next class. Midway through she opened the box for a snack. Inside John had put a note asking her to prom. Jessie went to prom with John.
0	Kevin was getting ready to leave for school in the morning. But he couldn't find his sneaker anywhere! He looked everywhere with no luck at all. Then he decided his dog had probably hidden the sneaker. He found his cat, but the cat didn't have the shoe.
1	Kevin was getting ready to leave for school in the morning. But he couldn't find his sneaker anywhere! He looked everywhere with no luck at all. Then he decided his dog had probably hidden the sneaker. He looked for his dog and then found his shoe.
1	I once had to write an essay about war. I wrote it over the course of 5 days. It was difficult and in detail. It was hard to write about. I was relieved when I finally turned the essay in.
0	I once had to write an essay about war. I wrote it over the course of 5 days. It was difficult and in detail. It was hard to write about. I hardly put any effort into writing the essay.
1	Amy saw shoes online she wanted. She went to the local mall but they didn't have them in her size. She went to another mall to find them. They also didn't have them. She then found them online and ordered them.
0	Amy saw shoes online she wanted. She went to the local mall but they didn't have them in her size. She went to another mall to find them. They also didn't have them. Amy then purchased them from the store.
0	My roommate made fish for dinner last night. Unfortunately, the fish was very bad. Even still, I ate it because he had worked so hard. When I was done, he told me he hated how the meal turned out. I suggested he apply to for a cook's position where I worked.
1	My roommate made fish for dinner last night. Unfortunately, the fish was very bad. Even still, I ate it because he had worked so hard. When I was done, he told me he hated how the meal turned out. I told him I felt the same way.
0	Becky's grandmother had promised her a special book. It had been handwritten by her great-grandfather. When Becky's grandmother died, her cousin took the book! Becky was very angry and wrote her cousin a plaintive letter. Becky and her cousin both had copies of the book.
1	Becky's grandmother had promised her a special book. It had been handwritten by her great-grandfather. When Becky's grandmother died, her cousin took the book! Becky was very angry and wrote her cousin a plaintive letter. Her cousin then mailed her the book back.
0	Tay ordered a pizza delivered to her house. When it arrived, she reached for her wallet. She saw that she had just enough to pay for it. That left no money to tip the delivery boy! She gave him a five dollar tip.
1	Tay ordered a pizza delivered to her house. When it arrived, she reached for her wallet. She saw that she had just enough to pay for it. That left no money to tip the delivery boy! She apologized to him.
0	Stevie wanted a new skateboard but didn't have enough money. He went around the neighborhood asking about odd jobs to do. He made a little bit of money but not enough for his new board. His parents were proud of him, so they pitched in for the rest. Stevie was mad at his parents.
1	Stevie wanted a new skateboard but didn't have enough money. He went around the neighborhood asking about odd jobs to do. He made a little bit of money but not enough for his new board. His parents were proud of him, so they pitched in for the rest. Stevie was able to buy a new skateboard.
0	Gina waited outside the office before she had to go inside. She hoped her friends would come to see her before class began. The bell rang and the halls emptied. She went into the office and took a seat waiting to be called. Gina stood up and walked home.
1	Gina waited outside the office before she had to go inside. She hoped her friends would come to see her before class began. The bell rang and the halls emptied. She went into the office and took a seat waiting to be called. She was sad that her friend's hadn't come to see her.
0	One Christmas, I received a shiny and expensive-looking briefcase. The next day, I filled my new case and gathered  my things. I set the briefcase on the roof temporarily while I loaded car. While I was driving, people were beeping at me. The people were trying to say hello to me.
1	One Christmas, I received a shiny and expensive-looking briefcase. The next day, I filled my new case and gathered  my things. I set the briefcase on the roof temporarily while I loaded car. While I was driving, people were beeping at me. I did not realize where my briefcase was.
1	Martina was the goalie for her soccer team. They were up tied in the 4th quarter. With the time running out the opposing team stole the ball. The player on the other team kicked and scored. Martina fell to her knees and began to sob.
0	Martina was the goalie for her soccer team. They were up tied in the 4th quarter. With the time running out the opposing team stole the ball. The player on the other team kicked and scored. Martina was delighted.
1	The baby had recently learned to crawl. She could crawl all over the living room floor. One day she crawled to the sofa and pulled herself upright. The next day she managed to pull herself up and stand for a second. Soon she could walk along while holding on to furniture.
0	The baby had recently learned to crawl. She could crawl all over the living room floor. One day she crawled to the sofa and pulled herself upright. The next day she managed to pull herself up and stand for a second. The baby cried because the dog ate her sandwich.
1	Jim was summoned for jury duty. He had to call in to skip work. He arrived at the courtroom. He sat through the entire trial. Jim was extremely bored.
0	Jim was summoned for jury duty. He had to call in to skip work. He arrived at the courtroom. He sat through the entire trial. Jim was glad he didn't have to miss work for jury duty.
0	Charles didn't take the advice of not dating girls one works with. He began dating his supervisor. His supervisor got jealous because Charles gave a coworker a ride. Charles' supervisor turned into his enemy. The supervisor gave him a raise.
1	Charles didn't take the advice of not dating girls one works with. He began dating his supervisor. His supervisor got jealous because Charles gave a coworker a ride. Charles' supervisor turned into his enemy. The supervisor fired him.
0	Bill bragged about the Patriots all year. He would make negative posts about other teams on Facebook. He would brag about every win they made. The Broncos beat the Patriots in the playoffs. Bill is a huge Broncos fan.
1	Bill bragged about the Patriots all year. He would make negative posts about other teams on Facebook. He would brag about every win they made. The Broncos beat the Patriots in the playoffs. Bill thinks that the Bronco got lucky.
0	Nina was trying to quit drinking. She decided to join a support group. She went to their meetings every week. In a few weeks she was handling her cravings much better. Nina was unable to control her addictions at all.
1	Nina was trying to quit drinking. She decided to join a support group. She went to their meetings every week. In a few weeks she was handling her cravings much better. Nina was on the road to recovery.
0	Mary was pissed at Paul for forgetting their anniversary. Paul had to think quick. He decided to call his friends to help fix things. They helped him set up an amazing party and invited everyone. Paul brought his mistress to the party.
1	Mary was pissed at Paul for forgetting their anniversary. Paul had to think quick. He decided to call his friends to help fix things. They helped him set up an amazing party and invited everyone. Mary forgave Paul.
1	Bob's uncle passed away a week ago. He got a call on a Monday afternoon from a lawyer. The lawyer told Bob that he had inherited some things. Bob got into his car and drove to the lawyer's office. Bob picked up all the nice things that his uncle left him.
0	Bob's uncle passed away a week ago. He got a call on a Monday afternoon from a lawyer. The lawyer told Bob that he had inherited some things. Bob got into his car and drove to the lawyer's office. Bob and his uncle went out for a nice steak.
0	Deirdra wanted to be a great blues musician. She listened to a lot of work by greats like BB King and Taj Mahal. She bought a guitar and tuned it for blues music. She booked a bar venue and started getting her work out there. At her first gig, she realized she never learned how to play.
1	Deirdra wanted to be a great blues musician. She listened to a lot of work by greats like BB King and Taj Mahal. She bought a guitar and tuned it for blues music. She booked a bar venue and started getting her work out there. She played small venues regularly and became well known.
0	It was raining very hard one day. It seemed like a bad idea to go anywhere, so I stayed indoors. I looked for something to do. I decided to set up my painting kit. I went to the movies.
1	It was raining very hard one day. It seemed like a bad idea to go anywhere, so I stayed indoors. I looked for something to do. I decided to set up my painting kit. I began painting the rain.
1	Ted went for a drive one day. He drove all around town and looked at who was out and about. Then, he drove to a more remote place. He stopped, got out of his car, and ate a picnic lunch. He enjoyed the weather.
0	Ted went for a drive one day. He drove all around town and looked at who was out and about. Then, he drove to a more remote place. He stopped, got out of his car, and ate a picnic lunch. He hated picnics.
0	Joey went to Disneyland with his family. He was so excited to meet Mickey Mouse. When he met Mickey Mouse he was so excited he couldn't speak! Joey finally said hi to Mickey and it was great! Joey loved everything about Disneyland except for Mickey Mouse.
1	Joey went to Disneyland with his family. He was so excited to meet Mickey Mouse. When he met Mickey Mouse he was so excited he couldn't speak! Joey finally said hi to Mickey and it was great! Joey had a great time.
1	Gina's uncle burned incense all day long. Gina liked the scent. She leaned in close and took a big whiff. The smoke made her choke. Gina now knows not to inhale the incense smoke.
0	Gina's uncle burned incense all day long. Gina liked the scent. She leaned in close and took a big whiff. The smoke made her choke. Gina was able to breath freely.
1	Samantha went to the park in the morning. She went to walk her dog. Her dog pooped on the grass. Samantha forgot to carry a plastic bag. Samantha looked around and left.
0	Samantha went to the park in the morning. She went to walk her dog. Her dog pooped on the grass. Samantha forgot to carry a plastic bag. Samantha bagged the poop.
0	Peter was very hungry. He only had two dollars in his bank account. He decided to go to the grocery store. Luckily, noodles were on sale for less than two dollars. Peter used his two dollars to buy shaving cream.
1	Peter was very hungry. He only had two dollars in his bank account. He decided to go to the grocery store. Luckily, noodles were on sale for less than two dollars. Peter bought noodles.
0	Pam tried to trim Archie's claws. She tried holding him all different ways. He didn't want them clipped at all! Finally she thought of something that would work. Pam gave up trying to trim Archie's claws.
1	Pam tried to trim Archie's claws. She tried holding him all different ways. He didn't want them clipped at all! Finally she thought of something that would work. Pam gave Archie some food in an attempt to calm him down.
1	Larry spent a long time finding a spot to put up his hammock. He spent even longer actually putting it up. After it was up he tried laying in it. He kept falling out, though. Larry was bruised after a while.
0	Larry spent a long time finding a spot to put up his hammock. He spent even longer actually putting it up. After it was up he tried laying in it. He kept falling out, though. Larry hated sandwiches.
1	Larry bought new shoes last week. He wore them for the first time to school. Unfortunately they weren't broken in and really hurt. He was in pain all day. He took his shoes off as soon as he could.
0	Larry bought new shoes last week. He wore them for the first time to school. Unfortunately they weren't broken in and really hurt. He was in pain all day. He wore them after school.
0	Robert had a crush on Sue. Sue had a crush on Robert. Robert asked Sue on a date. She agreed to go. At the end of their date, Sue thought Bill was a nice guy.
1	Robert had a crush on Sue. Sue had a crush on Robert. Robert asked Sue on a date. She agreed to go. After their date, Robert and Sue decided to have a second one.
0	I wanted to do something fun. I found an interesting movie online. I saw that it was playing in a local theatre. I decided to go see it. I drove past the theater and went back home.
1	I wanted to do something fun. I found an interesting movie online. I saw that it was playing in a local theatre. I decided to go see it. I enjoyed the movie very much.
1	Miles knew his girlfriend, Teresa, loved pandas. He devised a plan to give her the perfect birthday gift. He spent his whole week making stuffed pandas for her. When her birthday came, he gave them to her. Teresa was so grateful she gave Miles a kiss right on the spot.
0	Miles knew his girlfriend, Teresa, loved pandas. He devised a plan to give her the perfect birthday gift. He spent his whole week making stuffed pandas for her. When her birthday came, he gave them to her. Teresa decided to sell the pandas Miles gave her.
0	Bob had to drive to his parents house to make it home for Thanksgiving. There was a huge snowstorm brewing. Bob ran into a pile of snow on the highway. The front bumper came off on his car. Bob drove home right after he made it to his parent's house.
1	Bob had to drive to his parents house to make it home for Thanksgiving. There was a huge snowstorm brewing. Bob ran into a pile of snow on the highway. The front bumper came off on his car. With the bumper in his trunk, Bob made it to his parent's house.
0	John was trying to hail a taxi in the rain. He was going home to his girlfriend for Valentine's Day. When he looked over, he saw his ex waiting for a cab as well. Although he couldn't stand her, he agreed to share a cab. John told her to stay away from him.
1	John was trying to hail a taxi in the rain. He was going home to his girlfriend for Valentine's Day. When he looked over, he saw his ex waiting for a cab as well. Although he couldn't stand her, he agreed to share a cab. John then left and felt decent about himself.
0	Billy really needed help with his test. He fretted all night that he wouldn't pass. He went to school early and his friend Ash helped him. When he got the test, he knew all the answers. Billy failed the test.
1	Billy really needed help with his test. He fretted all night that he wouldn't pass. He went to school early and his friend Ash helped him. When he got the test, he knew all the answers. Billy passed the test.
0	A plumber was called over to fix a leaky sink. He took out his tools and got to work. The problem was that two pipes did not fit together perfectly. The plumber replaced one of the old pipes with a newer pipe that fit. The sink was not repaired.
1	A plumber was called over to fix a leaky sink. He took out his tools and got to work. The problem was that two pipes did not fit together perfectly. The plumber replaced one of the old pipes with a newer pipe that fit. Finally the sink was repaired.
1	Mary decided to take her husband to a football game. When they arrived to the front, they gave their tickets away. They sat in the second to last row in the front. Although their favorite team was losing, they had a good time. Mary decided to take her husband to the game again next week.
0	Mary decided to take her husband to a football game. When they arrived to the front, they gave their tickets away. They sat in the second to last row in the front. Although their favorite team was losing, they had a good time. Mary decided never to take her husband anywhere again.
0	Nathaniel was an exceptionally bright child but he hated to sit still. His mother was nervous that he would struggle in public school. After a great deal of thought, she decided to teach him at home. In this environment he could be himself and also get a good education. Nathaniel was given up for adoption shortly after.
1	Nathaniel was an exceptionally bright child but he hated to sit still. His mother was nervous that he would struggle in public school. After a great deal of thought, she decided to teach him at home. In this environment he could be himself and also get a good education. Nathaniel thrived and went on to a good university.
1	Earl needed to buy plastic bags to put his lunch snack in. There were too many sizes of bags for him to decide between. Earl just picked the biggest bag and the smallest bag to be safe. He found out that the big bag was way to big and the small too small. He went to the store and found a bag that worked properly.
0	Earl needed to buy plastic bags to put his lunch snack in. There were too many sizes of bags for him to decide between. Earl just picked the biggest bag and the smallest bag to be safe. He found out that the big bag was way to big and the small too small. He used both of them all the time since they fit.
0	It was graduation night for John. His parents traveled the night before to see him walk the stage. John waited patiently for his name to be called. The counsellor of his University called name and handed him his degree. John's parents were quite ashamed of him.
1	It was graduation night for John. His parents traveled the night before to see him walk the stage. John waited patiently for his name to be called. The counsellor of his University called name and handed him his degree. John's parents were very proud of him.
0	Jane purchase a backpack online for her teenage nephew. She was pleased to see how excited he was when she gave it to him. He hurriedly ripped the plastic wrap off the backpack. When he tried it on it was too small. Jane was relieved.
1	Jane purchase a backpack online for her teenage nephew. She was pleased to see how excited he was when she gave it to him. He hurriedly ripped the plastic wrap off the backpack. When he tried it on it was too small. Jane was disappointed.
0	Mike would try every year to water ski. It was always hard for him. Then he committed to getting stronger. He was then able to easily do it Mike hates water skiing.
1	Mike would try every year to water ski. It was always hard for him. Then he committed to getting stronger. He was then able to easily do it Water skiing is Mike's favorite activity.
1	Ally's dog met a porcupine. The dog ended up with spines in her face. Ally had to take the dog to the vet. The vet pulled each and every spine out of the dog's face. Ally's dog was worn out for the rest of the night.
0	Ally's dog met a porcupine. The dog ended up with spines in her face. Ally had to take the dog to the vet. The vet pulled each and every spine out of the dog's face. Ally was upset with the vet for removing the spines.
0	Perry was at a restaurant over the weekend. He ordered a semi rare steak. When he got it he complained that it was too salty. They sent it back and gave him a new steak. Perry was a vegetarian.
1	Perry was at a restaurant over the weekend. He ordered a semi rare steak. When he got it he complained that it was too salty. They sent it back and gave him a new steak. Perry was placated.
0	Ellie went to her first concert when she was 18. She went by herself, because no one else shared her taste in music. She stood at the very front of the stage, and danced to the songs. She clapped loudly until the band came back for an encore. Ellie did not like to do things on her own.
1	Ellie went to her first concert when she was 18. She went by herself, because no one else shared her taste in music. She stood at the very front of the stage, and danced to the songs. She clapped loudly until the band came back for an encore. Ellie was very independent.
1	It was Mother's Day and Jill wanted to do something special for her mom. She got up early so she could fix her mom breakfast. Everything started off well, with toast and pancakes. Unfortunately she burned the toast to a crisp. But Jill's mother was grateful anyway.
0	It was Mother's Day and Jill wanted to do something special for her mom. She got up early so she could fix her mom breakfast. Everything started off well, with toast and pancakes. Unfortunately she burned the toast to a crisp. Jill's mother told her she was worthless.
0	Tracy made up a story about a unicorn for her daughter. Her daughter laughed when Tracy told the story. Her daughter wanted to write the story down in a book. Tracy helped her write it down, and she drew illustrations. Unicorn videos were Tracy's favorite.
1	Tracy made up a story about a unicorn for her daughter. Her daughter laughed when Tracy told the story. Her daughter wanted to write the story down in a book. Tracy helped her write it down, and she drew illustrations. They gave the book to her dad for father's day.
0	Gina was at the library at school. She wanted to find books about dolphins. She looked on the shelf where she thought they would be. But there were no books about dolphins. Gina checkout a book about dolphins.
1	Gina was at the library at school. She wanted to find books about dolphins. She looked on the shelf where she thought they would be. But there were no books about dolphins. Gina went home without checking out a book.
0	Ever since junior college, Charles has been following rules. He never drinks and drives. But he met a girl in a bar yesterday and she wanted to drink with him. Then she wanted to go back to his apartment. Charles was a very reckless careless person.
1	Ever since junior college, Charles has been following rules. He never drinks and drives. But he met a girl in a bar yesterday and she wanted to drink with him. Then she wanted to go back to his apartment. He broke his rules and drove her home.
1	Pizza is my favorite food. We have pizza day at school every month. Pizza day is a day where we eat all sorts of pizza. I ate so much pizza on pizza day I felt sick. I have decided that I will never overeat on pizza day again.
0	Pizza is my favorite food. We have pizza day at school every month. Pizza day is a day where we eat all sorts of pizza. I ate so much pizza on pizza day I felt sick. I kept eating pizza until I felt better.
0	Mac needed a new tie. He went to the mall. He shopped until he found the perfect tie. He took it home and tried it on. Mac was disappointed with his tie choice.
1	Mac needed a new tie. He went to the mall. He shopped until he found the perfect tie. He took it home and tried it on. Mac's tie looked great and everyone gave him compliments.
0	About ten Year's ago I fell in love with a gorgeous man named Brock. We saw each other every days for 6 months. The love of my life told me he was moving to Japan for a promotion. I was happy for him, and yet sad for my broken heart. I planned to visit Brock at his new job in London.
1	About ten Year's ago I fell in love with a gorgeous man named Brock. We saw each other every days for 6 months. The love of my life told me he was moving to Japan for a promotion. I was happy for him, and yet sad for my broken heart. Then, Brock asked me to go to Japan with him.
0	Anna had been having nightmares. Her dad put a nightlight in her room. He left it burning all night. Anna felt comforted knowing the light was always on. Anna's nightmares got much worse.
1	Anna had been having nightmares. Her dad put a nightlight in her room. He left it burning all night. Anna felt comforted knowing the light was always on. Anna slept much better.
0	Charlotte was about to board a plane to the United States. She was about to embark on 10 month journey as an exchange student. She had promised her mom not to fall in love with an American. But when she met Shane it was love at first sight. Charlotte did a great job of keeping her promise.
1	Charlotte was about to board a plane to the United States. She was about to embark on 10 month journey as an exchange student. She had promised her mom not to fall in love with an American. But when she met Shane it was love at first sight. She worried that her mother would be upset.
1	Today was Lara's birthday! Her boyfriend, George came over to her house and cooked dinner. They watched a movie together and cuddled on the couch. After the movie, George gave her a silver necklace. She was thrilled.
0	Today was Lara's birthday! Her boyfriend, George came over to her house and cooked dinner. They watched a movie together and cuddled on the couch. After the movie, George gave her a silver necklace. She never had George over for dinner again.
0	John argued with Kevin. Kevin owed John some money and refused to pay it back. The argument was intense and led to blows. John pulled out a gun and shot Kevin in the stomach. Kevin and John go out to eat.
1	John argued with Kevin. Kevin owed John some money and refused to pay it back. The argument was intense and led to blows. John pulled out a gun and shot Kevin in the stomach. Kevin later died in the hospital.
0	Dylan wanted to buy a new video game. Dylan asked his mom so she said no. Dylan decided to do some extra cores and earn allowance. Dylan worked hard and on Friday his mom gave him allowance. Dylan spent the money on socks.
1	Dylan wanted to buy a new video game. Dylan asked his mom so she said no. Dylan decided to do some extra cores and earn allowance. Dylan worked hard and on Friday his mom gave him allowance. Dylan was able to purchase his new video game.
0	Andrew owns a summer house. He goes there every year. This year he lost his job. He has to sell his summer house. Andrew changed his mind and spent months at the summer house.
1	Andrew owns a summer house. He goes there every year. This year he lost his job. He has to sell his summer house. Andrew was sad, but the money was needed.
0	Jim had never seen snow before. He had just moved to Indiana a couple week ago. When he woke up and saw snow he was amazed. He wanted to go sled on the biggest hill in town. Jim wished it was summer time.
1	Jim had never seen snow before. He had just moved to Indiana a couple week ago. When he woke up and saw snow he was amazed. He wanted to go sled on the biggest hill in town. Jim headed to the store to buy a sled.
1	Lou decided to make a youtube channel. He posted daily video logs of his life. His fan base was growing quickly. Lou was out at the mall and was recognized by a subscriber. Lou was happy a subscriber recognized him.
0	Lou decided to make a youtube channel. He posted daily video logs of his life. His fan base was growing quickly. Lou was out at the mall and was recognized by a subscriber. Lou hated the mall.
1	Dan and Carol met as manager trainees at a fast food restaurant. They were sent to further training in a town three hours away. They decided to drive together to save on costs. Talking in the car for hours each way, they got to know each other. By the time they got to the training, they felt like friends.
0	Dan and Carol met as manager trainees at a fast food restaurant. They were sent to further training in a town three hours away. They decided to drive together to save on costs. Talking in the car for hours each way, they got to know each other. Carol asked Dan to buy her a box of Kleenex.
0	Rob needed some suits cleaned. He went to a new cleaner that opened near his house. It was a bit pricey but he hoped they would do a good job. A few days later he got his clothes back still dirty. He was happy with the new cleaners.
1	Rob needed some suits cleaned. He went to a new cleaner that opened near his house. It was a bit pricey but he hoped they would do a good job. A few days later he got his clothes back still dirty. He requested to have his money refunded from them.
0	Travis enlisted in the Marines with dreams of serving  his country. He was sent to a train at a base on the opposite side of the nation. Travis missed his family and friends but could not contact them. He became depressed and started making poor choices. Travis was proud of himself.
1	Travis enlisted in the Marines with dreams of serving  his country. He was sent to a train at a base on the opposite side of the nation. Travis missed his family and friends but could not contact them. He became depressed and started making poor choices. Travis was kicked out of the Marines.
0	I wanted to make hot chocolate. I took milk and warmed it up. Then, I added cocoa powder and stirred it all up. I tasted it, but it was terrible! I was pleased with my concoction.
1	I wanted to make hot chocolate. I took milk and warmed it up. Then, I added cocoa powder and stirred it all up. I tasted it, but it was terrible! It needed more sugar!
0	There was this amazing salad buffet right by my house. They have the best salads with the most varieties and the best prices. I used to go there almost every day on my lunch break. I found out last week that they shut down for good. I couldn't wait to see some movies in the new theaters.
1	There was this amazing salad buffet right by my house. They have the best salads with the most varieties and the best prices. I used to go there almost every day on my lunch break. I found out last week that they shut down for good. I was very disappointed to see that that restaurant had closed.
1	When I was young, I approached my cousin's dog and it bit my forearm. The bite broke the skin and I was bleeding and ran to my aunt and mom. When I tried to say what happened, they told me not to interrupt. I waited patiently, holding my arm and bleeding. I urged my aunt and mom that there was an emergency.
0	When I was young, I approached my cousin's dog and it bit my forearm. The bite broke the skin and I was bleeding and ran to my aunt and mom. When I tried to say what happened, they told me not to interrupt. I waited patiently, holding my arm and bleeding. I left home to play with my cousin's dog.
0	Ben wanted to sell his rocking chair. He had it for 20 Years. He dusted it off and put a for sale sign on it. He placed it in his yard so people would see. Ben decided to keep the chair instead.
1	Ben wanted to sell his rocking chair. He had it for 20 Years. He dusted it off and put a for sale sign on it. He placed it in his yard so people would see. Later that day, Ben sold his chair for $50.
1	John attended technical school and studied very hard. He got high marks on his final exams. John graduated first in his class! He received numerous letters of recommendation from his teachers. He got a great job and lived a happy life.
0	John attended technical school and studied very hard. He got high marks on his final exams. John graduated first in his class! He received numerous letters of recommendation from his teachers. After graduation, he was only able to get a job at McDonalds.
1	Lance was trying to pick up girls at the club. He offered a couple drinks. Only one agreed but didn't pursue it further. Eventually he got drunk and frustrated. He decided to take a cab and go home.
0	Lance was trying to pick up girls at the club. He offered a couple drinks. Only one agreed but didn't pursue it further. Eventually he got drunk and frustrated. He danced with joy at the fun night he was having.
1	Lucy's mom took her to see her first ballet at a young age. She decided at that moment she wanted to be a ballerina. She begged her mom to let her take lessons. Lucy was enrolled in her first class the following month. Lucy was very happy to start ballet.
0	Lucy's mom took her to see her first ballet at a young age. She decided at that moment she wanted to be a ballerina. She begged her mom to let her take lessons. Lucy was enrolled in her first class the following month. Lucy was very angry she had to start ballet.
1	Amy's shorts for her volleyball uniform were too small. She had a hard time moving in them. She asked the coach for another pair. There were no more. Amy's shorts were uncomfortable.
0	Amy's shorts for her volleyball uniform were too small. She had a hard time moving in them. She asked the coach for another pair. There were no more. Amy's shorts were very comfortable.
0	Last night was spent facedown on the bar. I was having a wonderful time until the tenth shot. That was about the time I realized I drank too much. I dance with a man's wife and I kiss his mom. I was very proud of myself.
1	Last night was spent facedown on the bar. I was having a wonderful time until the tenth shot. That was about the time I realized I drank too much. I dance with a man's wife and I kiss his mom. I was so embarrassed after the kiss.
1	Last week's family game night was intense. We were playing Monopoly and nobody made any headway for hours. Everyone was trying their hardest to win and the game kept going. It wasn't until we finally decided to check the rules that we knew why There were many different pieces missing.
0	Last week's family game night was intense. We were playing Monopoly and nobody made any headway for hours. Everyone was trying their hardest to win and the game kept going. It wasn't until we finally decided to check the rules that we knew why They threw the game in the air.
0	A woman went shopping for a power drill. The salesman at the hardware store smelled blood. He was unctuous and condescending. Disgusted, the woman left the store. The woman decided she would shop there again in the future.
1	A woman went shopping for a power drill. The salesman at the hardware store smelled blood. He was unctuous and condescending. Disgusted, the woman left the store. The salesman regretted being such a cad.
0	Nancy just came home from work. She grabbed her phone after it vibrated. She received a message from her boyfriend, who asked her to break-up. When she called him, he didn't pick up his phone. She sent him a text asking if he wanted to see a movie.
1	Nancy just came home from work. She grabbed her phone after it vibrated. She received a message from her boyfriend, who asked her to break-up. When she called him, he didn't pick up his phone. She left him a very angry voicemail.
1	Joey loves watching the Kansas City Chiefs. He went to a game this year and met Andy Reid, the head coach. Joey got his autograph on a football. When he came home he told all of his friends. Joey holds the football every time he watches a Chiefs game.
0	Joey loves watching the Kansas City Chiefs. He went to a game this year and met Andy Reid, the head coach. Joey got his autograph on a football. When he came home he told all of his friends. Joey hates football.
1	Valerie found a cat outside the restaurant she worked in. He was so thin and hungry. Val took him home and fed him. She gave him a lot of love and care. The cat was grateful.
0	Valerie found a cat outside the restaurant she worked in. He was so thin and hungry. Val took him home and fed him. She gave him a lot of love and care. Valerie hated the cat.
1	When Audrey was a little girl she was excited to start school. As the youngest, all her siblings started school before her. On her first day of school she was so excited to meet her teacher. When she came home she told her mom all about her new friends. Audrey was happy with her first day of school.
0	When Audrey was a little girl she was excited to start school. As the youngest, all her siblings started school before her. On her first day of school she was so excited to meet her teacher. When she came home she told her mom all about her new friends. Audrey wished she had made friend that day at school.
0	My day on Sunday this week went as expected. My family and I attended Church from 8 to 11 in the morning. Afterwards, we went to eat dinner at a restaurant. The rest of my day was spent doing homework assignments. I then woke up and went for a jog.
1	My day on Sunday this week went as expected. My family and I attended Church from 8 to 11 in the morning. Afterwards, we went to eat dinner at a restaurant. The rest of my day was spent doing homework assignments. I then went to sleep feeling happy about my life.
1	Tara was watching the baseball game. Her TV started to flicker. The bulb in her television needed to be replaced. Tara drove down to her local electronics store. Tara bought a bulb.
0	Tara was watching the baseball game. Her TV started to flicker. The bulb in her television needed to be replaced. Tara drove down to her local electronics store. Tara got an ice cream.
0	George was taking a hot shower. Suddenly, the water became very cold. George quickly jumped out of the shower. Shivering, he used a towel to dry off. George then felt too hot so he needed to cool off.
1	George was taking a hot shower. Suddenly, the water became very cold. George quickly jumped out of the shower. Shivering, he used a towel to dry off. He realized that his hot water ran out.
1	John planted a garden last spring. He tilled the soil. The tomato plants began to produce. But crows devoured John's harvest. John decided to try again and work passed the crows.
0	John planted a garden last spring. He tilled the soil. The tomato plants began to produce. But crows devoured John's harvest. John then captured the crows as pets.
0	Cory couldn't find her watch. She was wearing it yesterday. She couldn't remember anything about the watch since then. She looked everywhere. Cory's watch was on her wrist.
1	Cory couldn't find her watch. She was wearing it yesterday. She couldn't remember anything about the watch since then. She looked everywhere. But the watch was gone forever.
0	Adam went to the park. There he ran into a few of his friends. They invited Adam to play frisbee with them. Adam agreed. Adam ran from the group of boys as fast as he could.
1	Adam went to the park. There he ran into a few of his friends. They invited Adam to play frisbee with them. Adam agreed. Adam played frisbee with them.
1	Braden wanted to be a male model. He sent in some photos to an agency. Soon he got a call from them. Braden was ecstatic to hear they liked his pictures. Braden got hired to the modelling job.
0	Braden wanted to be a male model. He sent in some photos to an agency. Soon he got a call from them. Braden was ecstatic to hear they liked his pictures. Braden called back saying he didn't want the job anymore.
1	Tom and his friends went hiking. But he only had one pair of shoes. They got very muddy and dirty. And he had to wear them to school the next day. The janitor was annoyed when Tom tracked mud on the clean floor.
0	Tom and his friends went hiking. But he only had one pair of shoes. They got very muddy and dirty. And he had to wear them to school the next day. Everyone complimented him on his clean shoes.
0	Irene was taking part in the school play. She wanted to be an actress but she did not get any roles. So the director offered to let her design costumes. Irene accepted, and found that she loved the work! Irene was too angry to attend the performance of the play.
1	Irene was taking part in the school play. She wanted to be an actress but she did not get any roles. So the director offered to let her design costumes. Irene accepted, and found that she loved the work! Irene felt proud seeing her costumes on stage.
1	We went to Hawaii this summer. I was so excited to go. The island was beautiful. I have never seen such a clear ocean. I could see fish swimming in the coral reef.
0	We went to Hawaii this summer. I was so excited to go. The island was beautiful. I have never seen such a clear ocean. I couldn't see the shark that attacked me in the ocean.
0	Gina got on the bus and watched the door for her friend Tami. She hoped they would walk to the bus together, but they hadn't. Tami had stayed and was talking to the girls who no longer liked Gina. And this worried Gina. Gina broke into a song.
1	Gina got on the bus and watched the door for her friend Tami. She hoped they would walk to the bus together, but they hadn't. Tami had stayed and was talking to the girls who no longer liked Gina. And this worried Gina. Maybe Tami wouldn't be her friend anymore.
1	Gina popped her new CD Single into her boombox. The first song was the one she liked. The second was a mystery to her. She listened to the second one first. Gina decided she liked it as much as the first one.
0	Gina popped her new CD Single into her boombox. The first song was the one she liked. The second was a mystery to her. She listened to the second one first. Gina knew every word and sang along.
1	Lee was hiking in the woods all day. When he came home, he felt a weird itch on his arm. Looking down, he saw a tick stuck to his forearm! Lee quickly pulled it off of him. Lee's arm started to bleed where the tick had been.
0	Lee was hiking in the woods all day. When he came home, he felt a weird itch on his arm. Looking down, he saw a tick stuck to his forearm! Lee quickly pulled it off of him. Lee was disappointed in himself.
0	One day when Tim turned on the faucet's water was brown. This was happening all over the city. It went on for over a year before the national media took notice. By then it was too late. The water in Tim's town was the cleanest in the country.
1	One day when Tim turned on the faucet's water was brown. This was happening all over the city. It went on for over a year before the national media took notice. By then it was too late. Lots of people got sick.
1	Joel inhaled deeply as his part in the jazz concert approached. He began to play his saxophone, concentrating as hard as he could. Joel managed to make it through his part without any mistakes. He looked up into the crowd. The crowd cheered.
0	Joel inhaled deeply as his part in the jazz concert approached. He began to play his saxophone, concentrating as hard as he could. Joel managed to make it through his part without any mistakes. He looked up into the crowd. The crowd booed.
1	Arthur fell asleep while smoking one night. The cigarette but was still lit and fell on the floor. It rolled to the curtains and caught them on fire. Eventually his whole house burned down. Arthur died in the fire.
0	Arthur fell asleep while smoking one night. The cigarette but was still lit and fell on the floor. It rolled to the curtains and caught them on fire. Eventually his whole house burned down. Arthur was proud of what he had done.
0	Kim decided she wanted to become a vegetarian. She Was only 13, but she knew it was the right thing to do. Except her mother refused to stop cooking meat. She also refused to cook something special just for Kim each meal. Kim had a big bite of her burger.
1	Kim decided she wanted to become a vegetarian. She Was only 13, but she knew it was the right thing to do. Except her mother refused to stop cooking meat. She also refused to cook something special just for Kim each meal. Kim decided to only eat the meatless parts of the meals.
1	John was much shorter than his teammates on the basketball team. He hardly got any playing time. Two players were injured during the playoff game. He finally got off the bench. John played to the best of his ability.
0	John was much shorter than his teammates on the basketball team. He hardly got any playing time. Two players were injured during the playoff game. He finally got off the bench. John sat down on the bench.
0	Aaron was walking by a lake when he saw a swan. He realized that the swan was injured. Aaron used bread to lure the swan to shore. He then picked it up and took it to the hospital. Aaron then cooked the swan on his stove.
1	Aaron was walking by a lake when he saw a swan. He realized that the swan was injured. Aaron used bread to lure the swan to shore. He then picked it up and took it to the hospital. Aaron saved the swan's life.
0	Jim's school was having a blood drive. Jim decided to volunteer. A nurse pricked Jim in the arm. The entire process took an hour. Jim didn't have any blood drawn.
1	Jim's school was having a blood drive. Jim decided to volunteer. A nurse pricked Jim in the arm. The entire process took an hour. Jim felt proud.
1	Max had been dating Maddie for three Year's. He had never met her family. He felt very suspicious and told Maddie he wanted to meet them. Maddie was worried because she had a secret. Maddie wondered how Max would react to her two dads.
0	Max had been dating Maddie for three Year's. He had never met her family. He felt very suspicious and told Maddie he wanted to meet them. Maddie was worried because she had a secret. Maddie couldn't wait for Max to meet her family.
1	My friend texted me, wanting to hang out Friday night. I wanted to take her out for dinner. When I tried to contact her on Friday, I got no reply. Despite the change of plans, everything turned out great. I met up with another friend and we enjoyed ourselves.
0	My friend texted me, wanting to hang out Friday night. I wanted to take her out for dinner. When I tried to contact her on Friday, I got no reply. Despite the change of plans, everything turned out great. I cried alone in my room.
0	Amy and Ben were young, and in love. They were sitting on the swings in the park together. Ben reached over and grabbed her hand. She was surprised and pleased. Disgusted, she left.
1	Amy and Ben were young, and in love. They were sitting on the swings in the park together. Ben reached over and grabbed her hand. She was surprised and pleased. She leaned over and kissed him.
1	I went to the park to play frisbee with my dog. I tossed the frisbee to my dog and he would catch it in his mouth. I accidentally threw the frisbee too far. The frisbee landed into the pond. But my dog went and got it.
0	I went to the park to play frisbee with my dog. I tossed the frisbee to my dog and he would catch it in his mouth. I accidentally threw the frisbee too far. The frisbee landed into the pond. I was happy.
1	Ivy needed a way to feed her family on Thanksgiving. She entered into her local grocery store's raffle for a turkey. She submitted her receipts every week with her phone number on them. A week before Thanksgiving, Ivy got a happy phone call. She had won the drawing and the turkey was hers.
0	Ivy needed a way to feed her family on Thanksgiving. She entered into her local grocery store's raffle for a turkey. She submitted her receipts every week with her phone number on them. A week before Thanksgiving, Ivy got a happy phone call. She was evicted from her apartment.
0	Mark and Andy worked at a pizzeria. They both loved to make pizza. One day they decided to open up their own pizzeria. The pizzeria became very busy and profitable. Their business failed.
1	Mark and Andy worked at a pizzeria. They both loved to make pizza. One day they decided to open up their own pizzeria. The pizzeria became very busy and profitable. Their business became a success.
0	I rescued a kitten from the pound. He was adorable, sweet, purebred and free. The first morning he started acting ill, not eating and listless. The vet ran a myriad of tests and found several things wrong. The kitten started eating all his cat food.
1	I rescued a kitten from the pound. He was adorable, sweet, purebred and free. The first morning he started acting ill, not eating and listless. The vet ran a myriad of tests and found several things wrong. I was sad my kitten was so ill.
0	It was a cold winter night. The roads were slippery. Jim was driving home from work. He lost control of his truck. Jim was happy.
1	It was a cold winter night. The roads were slippery. Jim was driving home from work. He lost control of his truck. Jim ended up in the hospital.
1	James noticed his cat's belly was getting way too big. He took his cat to the vet. The vet told him that his cat had tapeworm. James got tapeworm medication from his drugstore shortly afterwards. James's cat started getting better shortly after.
0	James noticed his cat's belly was getting way too big. He took his cat to the vet. The vet told him that his cat had tapeworm. James got tapeworm medication from his drugstore shortly afterwards. James gave up his cat for adoption.
1	Trisha's son got sick last night at eight. He vomited all over her and the floor. Trisha cleaned up and changed his clothes. He continued to be sick over and over again. Trisha made the child sleep on the kitchen floor with  a blanket.
0	Trisha's son got sick last night at eight. He vomited all over her and the floor. Trisha cleaned up and changed his clothes. He continued to be sick over and over again. Trisha let the children decorate the  tree with popcorn.
0	Buttons is a black cat with a lot of soul. He always struts around like he owns the place. Even strangers admire his tenacity. As though he was a lion in a past life. Buttons was the happiest canary anyone had ever known.
1	Buttons is a black cat with a lot of soul. He always struts around like he owns the place. Even strangers admire his tenacity. As though he was a lion in a past life. Even the neighborhood dogs stay out of Buttons' way.
0	Yesterday, Pat was on a hiking trip with her girl scout troop. While they were eating lunch, her friends were playing around. One of the girls grabbed her phone and threw it into the lake. The girl was reprimanded for her action, but Pat never found her phone. Pat called her parents on the phone.
1	Yesterday, Pat was on a hiking trip with her girl scout troop. While they were eating lunch, her friends were playing around. One of the girls grabbed her phone and threw it into the lake. The girl was reprimanded for her action, but Pat never found her phone. Pat never talked to that girl again.
1	Rainy fell upon the streets in gentle waves. Matt watched from inside his house as water rose. He was afraid that the area around his house may flood. He and his family began moving things upstairs in case. They storm passed without any flooding.
0	Rainy fell upon the streets in gentle waves. Matt watched from inside his house as water rose. He was afraid that the area around his house may flood. He and his family began moving things upstairs in case. They were not worried about flooding.
1	Max is arachnophobic. One day max spotted a palm-sized spider on his wall. Max got real nervous and didn't want to squash it. He started brainstorming ways to get rid of it without. He called his neighbor and asked him to remove the spider.
0	Max is arachnophobic. One day max spotted a palm-sized spider on his wall. Max got real nervous and didn't want to squash it. He started brainstorming ways to get rid of it without. Max made the spider his pet and grew quite fond of it.
0	Kyle hated the bologna sandwich his mom had given him for lunch. He looked around to see what his friends had. His best friend had peanut butter and jelly! Kyle asked if they could trade. Kyle refused to trade sandwiches with his friend.
1	Kyle hated the bologna sandwich his mom had given him for lunch. He looked around to see what his friends had. His best friend had peanut butter and jelly! Kyle asked if they could trade. He was happy that his friend agreed to the swap.
0	Kenny and Spencer never got along in class. They decided to have a boxing match after to settle things. They were supposed to meet by the swings but Kenny didn't show up. He chickened out at the last minute. Everyone agreed that Kenny had won the fight.
1	Kenny and Spencer never got along in class. They decided to have a boxing match after to settle things. They were supposed to meet by the swings but Kenny didn't show up. He chickened out at the last minute. All of the children called Kenny a chicken the next day.
1	Fred needed some ice for a barbecue. He went to the store and pulled out several bags from the freezer. He went to the counter and paid for the ice. The attendant helped him carry them to his car. Fred brought the ice to the barbecue.
0	Fred needed some ice for a barbecue. He went to the store and pulled out several bags from the freezer. He went to the counter and paid for the ice. The attendant helped him carry them to his car. Fred was sad no one had ice for their drinks at the barbecue.
0	Jack loved to jump around. He was just a little kid that loved to jump. One day he jumped one too many times. And landed on a lego piece. Jack decided to jump again because it felt great.
1	Jack loved to jump around. He was just a little kid that loved to jump. One day he jumped one too many times. And landed on a lego piece. Jack's foot hurt horribly and he decided to be more careful.
1	Kelly was nervous today. It was her first day of school. She was the new kid. Thankfully however she made new friends when she got there. She realized she was going to like the school.
0	Kelly was nervous today. It was her first day of school. She was the new kid. Thankfully however she made new friends when she got there. She was in a class with the same kids from last year.
0	Ana forgot her umbrella. After school, she realized it was raining. She was supposed to walk home. As she headed out, she noticed a familiar car. Anna opened her umbrella.
1	Ana forgot her umbrella. After school, she realized it was raining. She was supposed to walk home. As she headed out, she noticed a familiar car. It was her boyfriend come to pick her up.
0	One day, I woke up with the worst pain in my throat. I could barely even swallow! I went to the doctor and she confirmed that I had strep. Thankfully, she gave me antibiotics. I was nervous when they decided to schedule a surgical procedure.
1	One day, I woke up with the worst pain in my throat. I could barely even swallow! I went to the doctor and she confirmed that I had strep. Thankfully, she gave me antibiotics. A couple of days later, I started to feel better, thank God!
0	Barry decided he was going to see a Broadway musical. Barry researched the internet for various shows occurring on Broadway. After researching, Barry decided he was going to watch Cats. After getting dressed, Barry made his way to the event. Barry then went to see the new movie.
1	Barry decided he was going to see a Broadway musical. Barry researched the internet for various shows occurring on Broadway. After researching, Barry decided he was going to watch Cats. After getting dressed, Barry made his way to the event. Barry enjoyed the show and had a good night.
0	Ben was nervous to be going to the dance with Pat. He bought a new suit just for the occasion. Ben drove his father's car to pick It up. Pat's father told Ben that Pat was ill and could not go to the dance. Ben was happy to hear that.
1	Ben was nervous to be going to the dance with Pat. He bought a new suit just for the occasion. Ben drove his father's car to pick It up. Pat's father told Ben that Pat was ill and could not go to the dance. Ben was very disappointed.
0	My exam was a week from now. I decided to study today so I can understand the material better. A few days passed and I've spent a couple of hours studying. Unfortunately I caught a during the day before the exam. I decided to jump rope for the final test.
1	My exam was a week from now. I decided to study today so I can understand the material better. A few days passed and I've spent a couple of hours studying. Unfortunately I caught a during the day before the exam. Hopefully I be able to get through the exam.
1	Jackson had always wanted to grow a beard. His friends told him that a beard would look bad, but he ignored them. Jackson didn't shave for a month and he grew a bushy, thick beard. Admiring himself in the mirror, Jackson felt satisfied. He was glad that he hadn't listened to his friends.
0	Jackson had always wanted to grow a beard. His friends told him that a beard would look bad, but he ignored them. Jackson didn't shave for a month and he grew a bushy, thick beard. Admiring himself in the mirror, Jackson felt satisfied. He was ashamed of himself.
1	Gina and her friends were the only people in the library. Gina had never been in the library at school with so few people. She liked it better this way. She wished her friends weren't there either and she was alone. Gina found a secluded spot by herself.
0	Gina and her friends were the only people in the library. Gina had never been in the library at school with so few people. She liked it better this way. She wished her friends weren't there either and she was alone. Gina invited more people to the library.
0	I got my nails done yesterday. The nails looked amazing. Unfortunately today they chipped. I was working in the garden and they chopped. This made me very happy.
1	I got my nails done yesterday. The nails looked amazing. Unfortunately today they chipped. I was working in the garden and they chopped. I felt upset.
0	David was tired of living with all of the ice and snow of Ohio. So he decided to check with his travel agent to see where to go. Unfortunately his travel agent didn't have anything available. David went home, but on his way saw a flyer for a cruise! He decided to visit Canada instead.
1	David was tired of living with all of the ice and snow of Ohio. So he decided to check with his travel agent to see where to go. Unfortunately his travel agent didn't have anything available. David went home, but on his way saw a flyer for a cruise! He booked the trip the second he got home.
1	I bought a dune buggy for fun. I wanted to drive it out to the dunes and mess around. I strapped it into the back of my truck. I drove two hours to get to the desert. There I found a sign that said No Dune Buggies Allowed.
0	I bought a dune buggy for fun. I wanted to drive it out to the dunes and mess around. I strapped it into the back of my truck. I drove two hours to get to the desert. I surfed with my board for hours before heading home.
0	Lee wanted to give his mom a nice gift for her birthday. But he had no money! So he decided to make her a card and cake. He put in lots of time and effort. Lee's mom hated it.
1	Lee wanted to give his mom a nice gift for her birthday. But he had no money! So he decided to make her a card and cake. He put in lots of time and effort. Lee's mom was very happy when she received it.
0	Jeff found a diamond ring in the hallway at work. He brought the ring back to his desk. Later, he read an email asking if anyone had found a ring. Jeff returned the ring to its owner. Jeff then kept the ring.
1	Jeff found a diamond ring in the hallway at work. He brought the ring back to his desk. Later, he read an email asking if anyone had found a ring. Jeff returned the ring to its owner. Jeff was glad to help them.
0	The book Gina had started reading had been checked out. She wouldn't be able to see how the book ended for a month. She didn't have anything to read in the meantime. She searched the shelves, but nothing looked good. Gina was pleased.
1	The book Gina had started reading had been checked out. She wouldn't be able to see how the book ended for a month. She didn't have anything to read in the meantime. She searched the shelves, but nothing looked good. Gina was annoyed.
0	One day, I got a message that my school's campus had been closed. The message said there was a bear on the grounds! The police had to come and help get the bear away. They gave the bear a tranquilizer. After that, the bear became very violent.
1	One day, I got a message that my school's campus had been closed. The message said there was a bear on the grounds! The police had to come and help get the bear away. They gave the bear a tranquilizer. The bear fell asleep after that.
1	I watched the Zebras run. They ran right past me. I chased after the zebras. They got away from me. I watched the zebras run away in the distance.
0	I watched the Zebras run. They ran right past me. I chased after the zebras. They got away from me. I caught several of the zebras.
1	Jamie's friends at school always told her baseball was a boys sport. However, Jamie loved baseball more than any other activity. So Jamie practiced baseball no matter what the others said. Soon she was the best baseball player at school. No one made fun of Jamie and her love of baseball again.
0	Jamie's friends at school always told her baseball was a boys sport. However, Jamie loved baseball more than any other activity. So Jamie practiced baseball no matter what the others said. Soon she was the best baseball player at school. Jamie decided she didn't like baseball anymore.
1	Mowgli had just moved to Los Angeles. She lived in Tennessee her whole life. Her first night in California she went out to look at the stars. She used to always do that growing up. She felt at home.
0	Mowgli had just moved to Los Angeles. She lived in Tennessee her whole life. Her first night in California she went out to look at the stars. She used to always do that growing up. She was ashamed of what she was doing.
1	Billy loved to eat apples and healthy foods. He shared his loved of fruit with his family and friends. When he was older, he bought an orchard and raised apples. The apples tasted very good and were enjoyed by many. Billy's brand of apples became a success thanks to his passion.
0	Billy loved to eat apples and healthy foods. He shared his loved of fruit with his family and friends. When he was older, he bought an orchard and raised apples. The apples tasted very good and were enjoyed by many. Billy could not grow good apple trees or apples.
1	Rick lived in Canada. He had never seen a gecko. He decided to travel to New Mexico to find one. He finally saw a gecko! Rick thought geckos were totally worth the trip.
0	Rick lived in Canada. He had never seen a gecko. He decided to travel to New Mexico to find one. He finally saw a gecko! Rick was sad his trip was not fruitful.
1	I didn't like paying taxes. I enrolled in a Tax Preparer's class. I studied hard and long. I passed my Tax Preparer's class. I was happy I passed.
0	I didn't like paying taxes. I enrolled in a Tax Preparer's class. I studied hard and long. I passed my Tax Preparer's class. I was not happy with the results.
0	Jenny sat down to open her Easter eggs. She had collected them during the church Easter egg hunt. She counted 14 eggs. Some had little candies or stickers inside. The eggs were empty.
1	Jenny sat down to open her Easter eggs. She had collected them during the church Easter egg hunt. She counted 14 eggs. Some had little candies or stickers inside. Jenny was very happy with the contents of her Easter eggs.
1	Steven was a soldier for the army. He reached the rank of General after 5 Years. When he was a general, he lead an army of men into a battle. None of his soldiers were killed and the battle resulted in a victory. He was the greatest general ever.
0	Steven was a soldier for the army. He reached the rank of General after 5 Years. When he was a general, he lead an army of men into a battle. None of his soldiers were killed and the battle resulted in a victory. He was never remembered.
1	Tina's mom had told her to put on her shoes almost ten minutes ago. She scrambled to find her shoes in her big messy room. Tina had to move piles of clothes off the floor looking for her shoes. After searching for a few minutes she finally spots them. Tina is very relieved and puts on the shoes.
0	Tina's mom had told her to put on her shoes almost ten minutes ago. She scrambled to find her shoes in her big messy room. Tina had to move piles of clothes off the floor looking for her shoes. After searching for a few minutes she finally spots them. Tina decides to go barefoot.
0	It was midnight, and Lynn's family was asleep. Lynn and her friends decided to meet some boys at the park. They decided it would be dangerous to sneak out her room window. So they went to the basement. Lynn decided to stay home and play a game.
1	It was midnight, and Lynn's family was asleep. Lynn and her friends decided to meet some boys at the park. They decided it would be dangerous to sneak out her room window. So they went to the basement. Lynn and her friends snuck out of the basement door.
1	Brittany knitted scarves. She tried to make each one unique. She was making a scarf for her father. She put a snake design on it. Now Brittany's father wears a boa around his neck.
0	Brittany knitted scarves. She tried to make each one unique. She was making a scarf for her father. She put a snake design on it. Brittany's father loved his solid blue scarf.
1	The family was lounging on a street bench when a dog walked up. It was dirty,scared and painfully thin. The family saw it had no collar. The dog was obviously in need of a home. The family opted to take the dog home with them.
0	The family was lounging on a street bench when a dog walked up. It was dirty,scared and painfully thin. The family saw it had no collar. The dog was obviously in need of a home. The family wondered how the dog was so overweight.
0	Gavin had always wanted to use a bow and arrow. He found a local archery range and an instructor to teach him. At first Gavin had trouble shooting arrows accurately. However, he did not give up. Gavin cancelled his archery lessons.
1	Gavin had always wanted to use a bow and arrow. He found a local archery range and an instructor to teach him. At first Gavin had trouble shooting arrows accurately. However, he did not give up. Gradually, Gavin's archery skills improved.
1	Connor is a writer. He spends many nights writing his novels. Connor's neighbors are very loud and noisy. He talks to to them about the noise levels. His neighbors were much quieter afterwards.
0	Connor is a writer. He spends many nights writing his novels. Connor's neighbors are very loud and noisy. He talks to to them about the noise levels. His mom turned her stereo up.
1	Ed's family had moved to a rural area. Ed learned that he was to be homeschooled. At first he was apprehensive. But then his mom started to make lessons fun! He loved his mom's lessons.
0	Ed's family had moved to a rural area. Ed learned that he was to be homeschooled. At first he was apprehensive. But then his mom started to make lessons fun! He didn't want to have fun at school.
1	Peter needed a new pair of shoes. He threw on his favorite outfit and went out. He went to the mall and checked out the shops. In one shop, he found a nice pair of shoes. Peter decided to buy the pair and went home.
0	Peter needed a new pair of shoes. He threw on his favorite outfit and went out. He went to the mall and checked out the shops. In one shop, he found a nice pair of shoes. Peter did not like the shoes and went home.
1	There was a turtle in the lake. It climbed up on a rock to get into the sun. Suddenly the skies darkened. It started to rainy! The turtle climbed back into the lake.
0	There was a turtle in the lake. It climbed up on a rock to get into the sun. Suddenly the skies darkened. It started to rainy! The turtle continued to sit in the sun.
1	I started getting into music in middle school. As my tastes expanded, so did my desire to attend a concert. My friends had seen one or two, but I had not. Finally, after a few painful Years, my time arrived. I finally saw my first concert and it was amazing.
0	I started getting into music in middle school. As my tastes expanded, so did my desire to attend a concert. My friends had seen one or two, but I had not. Finally, after a few painful Years, my time arrived. I decided I didn't like concerts anymore.
1	Francis has been inside his home for many days writing. He cannot remember the last time he left his house. Finally he puts on his boots and decides to go outside. The air feels great on his face. Francis shivers and starts walking to a park.
0	Francis has been inside his home for many days writing. He cannot remember the last time he left his house. Finally he puts on his boots and decides to go outside. The air feels great on his face. Francis goes inside because he hasn't been home for days.
0	Tina was a project manager for a technology company. She built software used in clinical trials. She met with the client to determine their needs and requirements. She configured the software to match their requirements. Tina ignored the client's requirements.
1	Tina was a project manager for a technology company. She built software used in clinical trials. She met with the client to determine their needs and requirements. She configured the software to match their requirements. Tina made her client very happy with her diligence.
1	Curtis went down to the baseball field. His friends were already there. He joined a team and began playing a friendly game of baseball. He hit 2 home runs and helped his team win the game. Curtis' team carried him off in happiness.
0	Curtis went down to the baseball field. His friends were already there. He joined a team and began playing a friendly game of baseball. He hit 2 home runs and helped his team win the game. Curtis was kicked off of the team for his poor performance.
1	When I was young I hated mowing the lawn. As I got older I never really liked it any more. Now that I have my own kids I make them mow the lawn. They hate it too. I'm sure their kids will hate mowing lawns as well.
0	When I was young I hated mowing the lawn. As I got older I never really liked it any more. Now that I have my own kids I make them mow the lawn. They hate it too. My kids and I are opening a lawn mowing company.
0	It was time for the baby to take a nap. The mommy changed her diaper. The mommy read a bedtime story. The mommy laid the baby in the crib. The baby then crawled around the home.
1	It was time for the baby to take a nap. The mommy changed her diaper. The mommy read a bedtime story. The mommy laid the baby in the crib. The baby gently fell asleep.
0	Bob was playing basketball. He dropped his glasses on the ground. He was disappointed when he saw that they were broken. Bob went to the glasses store the next day. The store told Bob they don't fix glasses.
1	Bob was playing basketball. He dropped his glasses on the ground. He was disappointed when he saw that they were broken. Bob went to the glasses store the next day. Bob was able to wear his glasses again after getting them fixed.
1	I invited a girl I like to the movies last week. She said yes. We decided to watch a comedy. It was pretty funny. I laughed a lot through the film.
0	I invited a girl I like to the movies last week. She said yes. We decided to watch a comedy. It was pretty funny. I felt very sad while watching the film.
0	Today, I was sitting in the computer lab. I smelled something very strange. I looked all around for the source of the smell. Then, I noticed the girl sitting next to me had removed her shoes. The girl was wearing a floral perfume.
1	Today, I was sitting in the computer lab. I smelled something very strange. I looked all around for the source of the smell. Then, I noticed the girl sitting next to me had removed her shoes. I balked at her foot odor.
0	A mom took her kids to a family restaurant to eat. One of her kids was squealing with joy and laughter. Patrons at another table complained that the kid was too loud. They passed the mother an angry note. The mother was happy to receive the note.
1	A mom took her kids to a family restaurant to eat. One of her kids was squealing with joy and laughter. Patrons at another table complained that the kid was too loud. They passed the mother an angry note. The mother got offended and told them off.
1	Gina grabbed a funeral program and took a seat. The actual funeral didn't start for another 30 minutes. Gina just wanted it to be over. She wanted to get away from the body as fast as she could. Gina did not like funerals.
0	Gina grabbed a funeral program and took a seat. The actual funeral didn't start for another 30 minutes. Gina just wanted it to be over. She wanted to get away from the body as fast as she could. Gina enjoyed funerals.
0	Ray was fishing in the ocean. He felt a tug on his line. He reeled it in, excited. But then he frowned in disappointment. On his line was the biggest fish he had ever seen.
1	Ray was fishing in the ocean. He felt a tug on his line. He reeled it in, excited. But then he frowned in disappointment. He had caught an old boot.
0	Mary had always wanted to have a pet bird. When Mary was young, her parents told her a bird was too much trouble. Now that she had her own apartment, she decided to buy a parrot. It felt great to have a parrot and to not be alone all the time. Mary was really happy she had gotten a dog.
1	Mary had always wanted to have a pet bird. When Mary was young, her parents told her a bird was too much trouble. Now that she had her own apartment, she decided to buy a parrot. It felt great to have a parrot and to not be alone all the time. The parrot turned out to be a great companion.
1	Ara was in the school choir. Her leader offered her a solo in the school play. Ara was nervous but thrilled. She practiced every day for weeks. Ara got a standing ovation for her solo.
0	Ara was in the school choir. Her leader offered her a solo in the school play. Ara was nervous but thrilled. She practiced every day for weeks. Ara refused her solo.
1	Tim was mad. He saw roaches in his house. He bought some cheap bug spray. However, it did not get rid of them. Tim called an exterminator.
0	Tim was mad. He saw roaches in his house. He bought some cheap bug spray. However, it did not get rid of them. Tim was glad that all the bugs were gone.
0	Zaiden lost his favorite cup. He looked for it in all of the bedrooms. His cup was not in any of the rooms. Zaiden decided to look in the car. He was happy to never see the cup again.
1	Zaiden lost his favorite cup. He looked for it in all of the bedrooms. His cup was not in any of the rooms. Zaiden decided to look in the car. There he found it under a seat.
0	Lexi wanted to be a school teacher. She loved taking care of children. But when she became an assistant teacher, she regret it. Disciplining her students was more work than she could handle. Teaching was so easy that Lexi wanted to do it forever.
1	Lexi wanted to be a school teacher. She loved taking care of children. But when she became an assistant teacher, she regret it. Disciplining her students was more work than she could handle. She decided to find a different career.
1	Jilly's mom waited in the car while she ran in to get donuts. She picked out 12 like her mother told her. The person at the counter said she could have one more. He called it a baker's dozen, 13 for the price of 12. Jilly was excited.
0	Jilly's mom waited in the car while she ran in to get donuts. She picked out 12 like her mother told her. The person at the counter said she could have one more. He called it a baker's dozen, 13 for the price of 12. Jilly was insulted that he would say such a thing to her.
1	Trouble comes when folks do not listen. My daughter did not listen to me today. She was dancing too close to the wall. She lost control and hit the corner of the wall. My daughter learned her lesson the hard way.
0	Trouble comes when folks do not listen. My daughter did not listen to me today. She was dancing too close to the wall. She lost control and hit the corner of the wall. I bought my daughter some ice cream for listening so well.
0	Alex was trying to build a birdhouse. He spent almost an hour putting together the walls. When he went to put the roof on, he realized that it didn't fit. He had made a mistake with the walls. Alex then finished the birdhouse.
1	Alex was trying to build a birdhouse. He spent almost an hour putting together the walls. When he went to put the roof on, he realized that it didn't fit. He had made a mistake with the walls. Alex decided to start over from the beginning.
0	Tuie was a very spoiled dog who liked to be completely covered up. She would always try to get underneath Adam's blanket. Adam got tired of his blanket smelling like a dog. He went to the store and bought her a blanket of her very own. Afterwards,  Tuie.
1	Tuie was a very spoiled dog who liked to be completely covered up. She would always try to get underneath Adam's blanket. Adam got tired of his blanket smelling like a dog. He went to the store and bought her a blanket of her very own. Tue loved her new blanket and Adam was happy.
0	Louis was having a birthday party. And he ate a bunch of cake. But when the party was over, his head hurt. And he had trouble falling asleep. Louis instantly fell asleep.
1	Louis was having a birthday party. And he ate a bunch of cake. But when the party was over, his head hurt. And he had trouble falling asleep. Louis took a pain relieving medication.
0	Jenny always used to take long walks with her husband Bill. After they divorced, Jenny stayed in the house and didn't go on walks. One day Jenny decided to start taking walks again. She found that the walks were still nice, even without Bill. Jenny felt too sad to go on walks after that.
1	Jenny always used to take long walks with her husband Bill. After they divorced, Jenny stayed in the house and didn't go on walks. One day Jenny decided to start taking walks again. She found that the walks were still nice, even without Bill. Jenny continued taking a walk every evening after that.
1	May was visiting the beach in Fredonia. She loved the clear, warm blue water. The lake was so inviting! May jumped in and swam for a few hours. She was tired afterwards.
0	May was visiting the beach in Fredonia. She loved the clear, warm blue water. The lake was so inviting! May jumped in and swam for a few hours. Mary thought it was the dirtiest lake she had ever seen.
0	Karel always wanted to tap dance. Her friends thought it was nerdy. She still pursued her dream. Eventually she became really good. She never danced again.
1	Karel always wanted to tap dance. Her friends thought it was nerdy. She still pursued her dream. Eventually she became really good. She won a tap dancing contest.
0	Jasper has always wanted to get a tattoo. He knows that tattoos are painful but he wants one anyway. He decides to get a tattoo of a tiger on his back. The tattoo comes out looking great. Jasper told the dogs to stop barking at the people in the street.
1	Jasper has always wanted to get a tattoo. He knows that tattoos are painful but he wants one anyway. He decides to get a tattoo of a tiger on his back. The tattoo comes out looking great. How sad Jasper cannot see it unless he looks in a mirror!
1	Sarah got a new bike for her birthday. But she was very forgetful. One day she left it in the driveway. And her mom's car hit it. Sarah no longer had a bike to ride and was sad.
0	Sarah got a new bike for her birthday. But she was very forgetful. One day she left it in the driveway. And her mom's car hit it. Sarah was excited to hear the news.
1	I was walking to my house after riding the school bus. When I arrived at the front, I tried to open the door. The door was locked. When I tried to look for my keys, I couldn't find it anywhere. I then found my spare key and entered.
0	I was walking to my house after riding the school bus. When I arrived at the front, I tried to open the door. The door was locked. When I tried to look for my keys, I couldn't find it anywhere. I was locked out and had to move to a new home.
1	Ted was playing tennis with his big brother. He always lost, but today he was determined to win. He concentrated hard and did his best. And Ted ended up winning the match! Ted was proud of his efforts.
0	Ted was playing tennis with his big brother. He always lost, but today he was determined to win. He concentrated hard and did his best. And Ted ended up winning the match! Ted wondered about the strange smell emanating from the table.
0	Jess was the hall monitor at her school. And she took pictures of students who broke the rules. But students complained she was annoying and invasive. So her camera was taken away. Jess didn't like taking photos.
1	Jess was the hall monitor at her school. And she took pictures of students who broke the rules. But students complained she was annoying and invasive. So her camera was taken away. Jess was upset that it was taken away.
1	We decided to take a trip today. The sky was cloudy and it was cold. We started driving and the rainy started pouring. We had to pull over because it was raining so hard. After an hour the rain cleared and we started driving again.
0	We decided to take a trip today. The sky was cloudy and it was cold. We started driving and the rainy started pouring. We had to pull over because it was raining so hard. When we started driving again the roads were completely dry.
1	Sue had an ice cream cone. Her brother smacked it out her hand. She told her mom. Her mom made him apologize. Her mom made her brother give her his.
0	Sue had an ice cream cone. Her brother smacked it out her hand. She told her mom. Her mom made him apologize. Her mom congratulated her brother.
0	Hallie wanted ramen noodles for supper. She threw a fit when her mom told her no. Her daddy told her to stop her crying. She refused to stop crying. Hallie's parents were proud of her behavior.
1	Hallie wanted ramen noodles for supper. She threw a fit when her mom told her no. Her daddy told her to stop her crying. She refused to stop crying. Hallie was sent to bed without supper.
0	Gina knew her sister had taken her phone. She was furious because she had been looking for it for an hour. She grabbed her sister's shirt and demanded the phone. Her sister looked terrified. Her sister laughed hysterically.
1	Gina knew her sister had taken her phone. She was furious because she had been looking for it for an hour. She grabbed her sister's shirt and demanded the phone. Her sister looked terrified. Her sister gave her the phone.
1	Alex wanted to visit a circus in town. He looked the circus up on the internet. The internet had several pages showing how circuses abused the animals. Alex was very sad when he saw the bull hooks used on the elephants. He left the circus right away.
0	Alex wanted to visit a circus in town. He looked the circus up on the internet. The internet had several pages showing how circuses abused the animals. Alex was very sad when he saw the bull hooks used on the elephants. Alex hated animals.
0	Sue was hungry. She went to the refrigerator and cupboard in search of food. She saw that she had no food. She found her jacket, purse, and keys. She sat on a porch outside.
1	Sue was hungry. She went to the refrigerator and cupboard in search of food. She saw that she had no food. She found her jacket, purse, and keys. Sue drove to a hamburger joint.
0	I read to my son's preschool class today. The parents take turns coming in to read a story to the kids. My son picked his favorite book for me to read. The kids loved the story. One kid screamed at my son and threw the book at him.
1	I read to my son's preschool class today. The parents take turns coming in to read a story to the kids. My son picked his favorite book for me to read. The kids loved the story. Afterwards we ate lunch together.
0	Alfred and Arthur had been best friends when they were children. Unfortunately, when they got older, they began to fight. They stopped talking to each other for a few years. Finally, they managed to reconcile. They were both sad they had reconciled.
1	Alfred and Arthur had been best friends when they were children. Unfortunately, when they got older, they began to fight. They stopped talking to each other for a few years. Finally, they managed to reconcile. They were both happy to be friends again.
1	Gina decided to go to gym class in her everyday clothes. The teacher sent her back to the locker room to change. She stormed off making a scene. She sat in the locker room sulking until the teacher came to find her. She had a long talk with the teacher after class.
0	Gina decided to go to gym class in her everyday clothes. The teacher sent her back to the locker room to change. She stormed off making a scene. She sat in the locker room sulking until the teacher came to find her. The teacher praised her.
1	It was a sunny day, so Sheila decided to take Fido for a walk. On the walk, Fido tried to run into a neighbor's yard. There was a robber in the neighbor's backyard! Sheila yelled for the robber to stop right there. She called the cops on her sell and the arrested the robber.
0	It was a sunny day, so Sheila decided to take Fido for a walk. On the walk, Fido tried to run into a neighbor's yard. There was a robber in the neighbor's backyard! Sheila yelled for the robber to stop right there. He turned and asked Sheila to go on a date with him.
1	We would go camping every summer. We would pack lunches and trek out. We would stop at a rest stop for lunch. Typically it would be a McDonald's and I'd order fries. I love french fries.
0	We would go camping every summer. We would pack lunches and trek out. We would stop at a rest stop for lunch. Typically it would be a McDonald's and I'd order fries. I always hated french fries.
0	My best friend played a video game online. One day, she met a nice boy there. They talked every day and fell in love. They finally met in person and hit it off. They were very sad about the incident.
1	My best friend played a video game online. One day, she met a nice boy there. They talked every day and fell in love. They finally met in person and hit it off. The two became a very loving couple.
1	Aspen was about to get married. She was getting ready when she saw a text from her fiance. He was worried that she had left him at the alter. She realized that she was twenty minutes late. Aspen began to panic.
0	Aspen was about to get married. She was getting ready when she saw a text from her fiance. He was worried that she had left him at the alter. She realized that she was twenty minutes late. Aspen didn't care if she worried her future husband.
0	Tony went to the lake to think about his life. As he sat there he watched a man who seemed so peaceful. The man was fishing and didn't have a care in the world. Tony decided life was too short and he too wanted to be a fisherman. Tony decided to study algebra.
1	Tony went to the lake to think about his life. As he sat there he watched a man who seemed so peaceful. The man was fishing and didn't have a care in the world. Tony decided life was too short and he too wanted to be a fisherman. Tony went to the docks to find an apprenticeship.
1	When Cara  was in Sephora the other day she saw great stuffers. The stocking stuffers were so cheap. She decided to buy numerous ones for her friends. Her friends ended up loving them. They made her a thank you card.
0	When Cara  was in Sephora the other day she saw great stuffers. The stocking stuffers were so cheap. She decided to buy numerous ones for her friends. Her friends ended up loving them. They scolded her for the stuffers.
1	Kelly went on the longest grocery trip of her life yesterday. She ended up being there for four hours. The store was packed and had little help. Therefore she was waiting in line forever at checkout. Kelly related her bad experience on the grocery store's website.
0	Kelly went on the longest grocery trip of her life yesterday. She ended up being there for four hours. The store was packed and had little help. Therefore she was waiting in line forever at checkout. Kelly wanted to go grocery shopping again soon.
0	Vasiliki decided on cereal for breakfast. She got a bowl off the shelf. Vasiliki opened a box of granola. She got a gallon of milk out of the refrigerator. She poured the whole gallon into the sink.
1	Vasiliki decided on cereal for breakfast. She got a bowl off the shelf. Vasiliki opened a box of granola. She got a gallon of milk out of the refrigerator. She poured, and ate a large bowl of cereal for breakfast.
1	Jessica excelled at track and field. She loved running, and challenging herself. She was confident that she would place first in her next competition. Instead, she came in second place. Jessica decided to train even harder.
0	Jessica excelled at track and field. She loved running, and challenging herself. She was confident that she would place first in her next competition. Instead, she came in second place. Jessica got what she wanted.
0	Pete got a new video game for his computer. He wanted to spend a lot of time enjoying it. However, his work and other responsibilities gave him no time. Finally, he chose to make time and set aside one weekend for himself. He spent the weekend gardening.
1	Pete got a new video game for his computer. He wanted to spend a lot of time enjoying it. However, his work and other responsibilities gave him no time. Finally, he chose to make time and set aside one weekend for himself. He played the game until he had finished every level.
1	Andy misplaced his keys. He looked high and low and still no luck. He asked his wife where his keys could be. She found them under the couch Andy was grateful and gave his wife a kiss.
0	Andy misplaced his keys. He looked high and low and still no luck. He asked his wife where his keys could be. She found them under the couch Andy was mad at his wife and told her she way lazy.
1	Susan knew she hurt him by leaving. She knew she couldn't turn back. The next day she packed up and never looked back. She moved back in with her parents for awhile. Susan knew the choice she made was difficult but for the best.
0	Susan knew she hurt him by leaving. She knew she couldn't turn back. The next day she packed up and never looked back. She moved back in with her parents for awhile. Susan was mad because she had no family to turn to.
1	The Oakland Raiders' starting quarterback was injured. Dave was their backup quarterback. Dave practiced the entire week with the first string offense. Dave felt he was ready to start the next  scheduled game. Dave felt prepared for the game.
0	The Oakland Raiders' starting quarterback was injured. Dave was their backup quarterback. Dave practiced the entire week with the first string offense. Dave felt he was ready to start the next  scheduled game. Dave decided to leave the game.
0	Jerod's brothers talked him into trying online dating. He was nervous but was determined to do his best to meet someone. He view a lot of profiles before he found one he liked. It took him a week to get up the nerve to message the girl. He called the girl and didn't say anything of the phone.
1	Jerod's brothers talked him into trying online dating. He was nervous but was determined to do his best to meet someone. He view a lot of profiles before he found one he liked. It took him a week to get up the nerve to message the girl. The girl rejected him.
1	Martha wanted to win the big spelling bee at school. She got a word list from her teacher and practiced every day. The big day finally came, and Martha won the spelling bee! She got a trophy, and her picture was in the newspaper! Martha was very proud of her accomplishment.
0	Martha wanted to win the big spelling bee at school. She got a word list from her teacher and practiced every day. The big day finally came, and Martha won the spelling bee! She got a trophy, and her picture was in the newspaper! Martha was upset about losing.
1	Samantha was very excited for her date with John. They were going to a very fancy restaurant downtown. John picked Samantha up at six o'clock sharp. They went downtown and had a fabulous meal. Samantha really enjoyed the meal.
0	Samantha was very excited for her date with John. They were going to a very fancy restaurant downtown. John picked Samantha up at six o'clock sharp. They went downtown and had a fabulous meal. Samantha vowed never to go to that restaurant again.
0	Tia decided to make an ice cream sundae. She got all the ingredients together. She put the ice cream in a bowl. After that, she added the toppings. Tia gave it to her boxer.
1	Tia decided to make an ice cream sundae. She got all the ingredients together. She put the ice cream in a bowl. After that, she added the toppings. Tia couldn't wait to try the sundae.
0	Kelly was excited to get her first pair of wireless headphones. Finally she was able to purchase them. Kelly drove over to bestbuy to pick them up. As soon as she got them she put them on. Kelly then thought headphones are overrated.
1	Kelly was excited to get her first pair of wireless headphones. Finally she was able to purchase them. Kelly drove over to bestbuy to pick them up. As soon as she got them she put them on. She was shocked by the clarity of the headphones.
1	Lay was teaching her son to read. She taught him the alphabet. Then she helped him sound out simple words. Soon Lay's son was reading short books. He became an avid reader.
0	Lay was teaching her son to read. She taught him the alphabet. Then she helped him sound out simple words. Soon Lay's son was reading short books. He was accepted at an early age in the academy for the blind.
0	Sean loved to play video games. He played games on his computer and on his consoles. He played games all day, every day. Sean ignored everything else around him. Sean hayes videos games.
1	Sean loved to play video games. He played games on his computer and on his consoles. He played games all day, every day. Sean ignored everything else around him. He became very good at video games.
1	Olivia went out with Harry on a date. Harry thought the date was going well. Olivia thinks he is a complete jerk. Harry raves about their chemistry. Olivia is about to leave.
0	Olivia went out with Harry on a date. Harry thought the date was going well. Olivia thinks he is a complete jerk. Harry raves about their chemistry. Olivia feels she is falling in love.
1	John had been looking at houses. He had not found one he was in love with. He finally found one in his price range. He put in an offer. The seller accepted and John was the proud owner of a new home!
0	John had been looking at houses. He had not found one he was in love with. He finally found one in his price range. He put in an offer. John rented the apartment after putting down a deposit.
1	The girls went to a casino. All decided to play some slot machines. None won any money. In fact all lost money. They felt terribly about losing all of their money.
0	The girls went to a casino. All decided to play some slot machines. None won any money. In fact all lost money. The girls were very pleased.
0	I wanted to eat a particular cereal for breakfast. I found that I had run out of that particular brand of cereal. I went to a store to buy some more. The store was also out of that brand and I had to buy another. I don't like cereal.
1	I wanted to eat a particular cereal for breakfast. I found that I had run out of that particular brand of cereal. I went to a store to buy some more. The store was also out of that brand and I had to buy another. I liked the new brand that I bought.
1	Henry's mother dug through the laundry pile to find his uniform. To her surprise, the stain on his baseball pants had not come out! She did not have time to rewash the pants. Henry had to go to baseball practice with dirty pants. Henry's teammates made fun of him for having dirty pants.
0	Henry's mother dug through the laundry pile to find his uniform. To her surprise, the stain on his baseball pants had not come out! She did not have time to rewash the pants. Henry had to go to baseball practice with dirty pants. Henry was excited when he found out he had to wear dirty pants.
1	Javier has been walking to work for many Year's. Despite his long walk, Javier is always at work on time. Javier's boss realizes how long the walk is and buys Javier a bike. Now Javier can ride his shiny new bike to work every day. Javier is now early to work.
0	Javier has been walking to work for many Year's. Despite his long walk, Javier is always at work on time. Javier's boss realizes how long the walk is and buys Javier a bike. Now Javier can ride his shiny new bike to work every day. Javier quit his job.
0	Ella wanted to lose some weight. She decided to get some help. She joined a diet club at work. The girls all encouraged each other. Ella felt bad about what the girls think.
1	Ella wanted to lose some weight. She decided to get some help. She joined a diet club at work. The girls all encouraged each other. Ella felt great from the encouragement.
1	Brad wouldn't stop bullying Matthew today. When Matthew tried to get lunch, Brad smacked his tray. When Matthew was walking, Brad tried to trip him. Matthew couldn't go to the bathroom alone, without Brad being there. Matthew hated Brad.
0	Brad wouldn't stop bullying Matthew today. When Matthew tried to get lunch, Brad smacked his tray. When Matthew was walking, Brad tried to trip him. Matthew couldn't go to the bathroom alone, without Brad being there. Brad told Matthew he had a crush on him.
1	A woman named Hillary was keeping a secret. She was sneaking out of her house at night to party. Her friends would pick her up after her husband was asleep. Hillary would go to the clubs and to the bars. One day her husband found out and divorced her.
0	A woman named Hillary was keeping a secret. She was sneaking out of her house at night to party. Her friends would pick her up after her husband was asleep. Hillary would go to the clubs and to the bars. Hillary never went behind her husband's back.
0	I came home from school. My mom reminded me about a report that's due soon. I immediately started on it. Since my brother was sleeping, I stayed up in the living room. I went to school with blue hair.
1	I came home from school. My mom reminded me about a report that's due soon. I immediately started on it. Since my brother was sleeping, I stayed up in the living room. I finally finished it on time.
0	Alanna was the worst student in the MATHletes club. Her crush had started tutoring fellow students in math. She felt embarrassed but signed up anyway. They hit it off right away and Alanna worked very hard. Alanna decided to learn another language.
1	Alanna was the worst student in the MATHletes club. Her crush had started tutoring fellow students in math. She felt embarrassed but signed up anyway. They hit it off right away and Alanna worked very hard. Alanna was able to kiss her crush when her grades improved.
1	Japan was preparing for the biggest tsunami of the year. They were gathering supplies for it. Eventually it came and crashed down. It destroyed hundreds of houses. Everyone was devastated.
0	Japan was preparing for the biggest tsunami of the year. They were gathering supplies for it. Eventually it came and crashed down. It destroyed hundreds of houses. People found the storm invigorating.
0	Neil had just arrived in Germany. He couldn't wait to explore the country! But first, he needed to sleep. He found a hotel and slept for ten hours. He was very tired afterwards.
1	Neil had just arrived in Germany. He couldn't wait to explore the country! But first, he needed to sleep. He found a hotel and slept for ten hours. Afterwords, he was very rested.
1	Cis was doing her laundry. She took her clothes out of the washer. Then she spotted something. There was a $100 bill in the washer! That was a great day for Cis.
0	Cis was doing her laundry. She took her clothes out of the washer. Then she spotted something. There was a $100 bill in the washer! Her clothing had been stained red with the crushed berries.
0	Marta needed to visit her son's school award ceremony. Her toddler had just passed out for a nap though. Marta roused her husband from his nap. She told him to watch the baby while she was away. Marta took a nap.
1	Marta needed to visit her son's school award ceremony. Her toddler had just passed out for a nap though. Marta roused her husband from his nap. She told him to watch the baby while she was away. Marta attended the ceremony.
0	Katie saw a woman begging on the street. Others passed without paying any attention, but Katie stopped. She felt very bad for the beggar woman. She fumbled in her purse and handed the woman a $10 bill. The beggar cursed Katie for her rudeness.
1	Katie saw a woman begging on the street. Others passed without paying any attention, but Katie stopped. She felt very bad for the beggar woman. She fumbled in her purse and handed the woman a $10 bill. Katie walked away smiling after helping the beggar.
1	No one thought that Francisco would finish his college degree. None of his family or friends had college degrees. However, Francisco studied very hard every day at college. Finally he graduated with a degree in Biology. He was so proud of himself!
0	No one thought that Francisco would finish his college degree. None of his family or friends had college degrees. However, Francisco studied very hard every day at college. Finally he graduated with a degree in Biology. Francisco was gay.
1	Gayle and her husband were skipping rocks at a lake. Gayle picked up a smooth round rock to throw. The rock skipped four times before sinking into the murky water. Gayle's husband selected a large bumpy rock to throw. Then he threw it.
0	Gayle and her husband were skipping rocks at a lake. Gayle picked up a smooth round rock to throw. The rock skipped four times before sinking into the murky water. Gayle's husband selected a large bumpy rock to throw. Gale was not married.
1	Lori was drunk one night. Her friends convinced her to get a tattoo. She picked a random one off the wall. The next week it got infected. She immediately confronted the tattoo artist.
0	Lori was drunk one night. Her friends convinced her to get a tattoo. She picked a random one off the wall. The next week it got infected. She decided to get another tattoo.
0	Sadie and her best friend were discussing what they should do Saturday. They flipped through the local newspaper for ideas. Sadie noticed that the local art museum was having an art show. Both thought that it would be a nice event to attend on the weekend. Sadie and her friend went to see the new Star Wars movie.
1	Sadie and her best friend were discussing what they should do Saturday. They flipped through the local newspaper for ideas. Sadie noticed that the local art museum was having an art show. Both thought that it would be a nice event to attend on the weekend. Sadie and her friend made plans to visit the museum.
0	Loo had a red box he kept pebbles he collected in. One day Loo went out to play with his friends. When he came back home he could not find his box. Loo asked his friends to help him find it. Loo didn't want the box anymore.
1	Loo had a red box he kept pebbles he collected in. One day Loo went out to play with his friends. When he came back home he could not find his box. Loo asked his friends to help him find it. Loo and his friends found the box.
1	Lou met a girl named Jill. He was falling in love after a couple dates. Jill always talked about her best friend Bex. She really wanted Lou to meet her. Lou met Bex and wondered if he had made the right choice.
0	Lou met a girl named Jill. He was falling in love after a couple dates. Jill always talked about her best friend Bex. She really wanted Lou to meet her. Lou was sad that Jill had no friends.
0	Anne needed to slim down, but she hated exercise. Then she and her friend heard about a fun workout class to try. It was called Pole Dancing, and it promised fun and fat-burning. Anne and her friends signed up for the fitness class. Anne lost twenty pounds trekking to the north pole.
1	Anne needed to slim down, but she hated exercise. Then she and her friend heard about a fun workout class to try. It was called Pole Dancing, and it promised fun and fat-burning. Anne and her friends signed up for the fitness class. Anne dropped four sizes in six months.
0	Cindy need a pedicure. She went to the local nail salon. The stylist massaged her feet. They also filed her toes. The doctor said her feet were fine.
1	Cindy need a pedicure. She went to the local nail salon. The stylist massaged her feet. They also filed her toes. She chose a bright pink color for her polish.
1	Kay was surprised to see her mother still had her tree up in May. Her mother wanted to leave the tree up longer. When her mother left Kay took down the tree. Her mother was upset she took down the tree. Kay and her mom then made up.
0	Kay was surprised to see her mother still had her tree up in May. Her mother wanted to leave the tree up longer. When her mother left Kay took down the tree. Her mother was upset she took down the tree. Kay helped her mom decorate her tree.
1	Jenny is very thirsty. She suspects she is dehydrated. Finally, she was able to find a water bottle. She drank the whole thing. Jenny would always remember  to pack a water bottle.
0	Jenny is very thirsty. She suspects she is dehydrated. Finally, she was able to find a water bottle. She drank the whole thing. Jenny left the small town  behind and jetted off to  London.
1	Nancy was trying to print out her class assignment. The printer caught an error and froze. It took several minutes to reboot. When she received the papers, they were empty. Nancy felt frustrated.
0	Nancy was trying to print out her class assignment. The printer caught an error and froze. It took several minutes to reboot. When she received the papers, they were empty. Nancy felt relieved.
1	We went to Portland, Maine for a family vacation in 2006. We saw the art museum. We visited the waterfront and had dinner on a ship. We watched a minor league baseball game. We decided to repeat this vacation destination in the future.
0	We went to Portland, Maine for a family vacation in 2006. We saw the art museum. We visited the waterfront and had dinner on a ship. We watched a minor league baseball game. Our vacation was a failure because there was nothing to do.
0	My friend and his wife were unhappy for a while. They tried to work it out many times. Both cared for each other deeply. But the differences were just too big. Their marriage was stronger than ever before.
1	My friend and his wife were unhappy for a while. They tried to work it out many times. Both cared for each other deeply. But the differences were just too big. They got divorced.
0	John had studied really hard for his math test. He carefully filled out the bubbles on the multiple choice form. When he got the test back he was shocked to see a 0%. When he talked to his teacher, he realized he had graded it wrong. John's teacher shaped it into a paper airplane.
1	John had studied really hard for his math test. He carefully filled out the bubbles on the multiple choice form. When he got the test back he was shocked to see a 0%. When he talked to his teacher, he realized he had graded it wrong. John actually had gotten 70% correct.
1	Kim and Rob wanted a pet. They decided to visit the local Humane Society. They saw a lot of cute dogs. Finally, Kim found a small gray dog. Kim felt it was love at first sight.
0	Kim and Rob wanted a pet. They decided to visit the local Humane Society. They saw a lot of cute dogs. Finally, Kim found a small gray dog. Kim told her boyfriend the color grey disgusted her.
0	My friend had a bachelor party before her wedding. A group of us got together and went out on the town. We had dinner and drinks at a Mexican restaurant. We then got in a limo and went bar hopping. We had an uneventful night.
1	My friend had a bachelor party before her wedding. A group of us got together and went out on the town. We had dinner and drinks at a Mexican restaurant. We then got in a limo and went bar hopping. We had a great time.
0	Jake was studying hard for his ACT test. He wanted to do well so he could get into a good college. Jake went into his test very prepared. He got a perfect score on his test! Jake was unable to get into college because of his ACT score.
1	Jake was studying hard for his ACT test. He wanted to do well so he could get into a good college. Jake went into his test very prepared. He got a perfect score on his test! Jake got into a great college.
1	Tim was always on his bike during the summer. He was riding fast down his local street on day. He didn't see the huge pothole in the middle of the road. Tim rode right into the pothole, flipping his bike. He broke his arm.
0	Tim was always on his bike during the summer. He was riding fast down his local street on day. He didn't see the huge pothole in the middle of the road. Tim rode right into the pothole, flipping his bike. He landed in a big pile of snow.
0	The city was bustling. People were pushing against each other to see the ball drop. They started a riot trying to get a good view. However, it started to calm down. An alien ship appeared and abducted some people.
1	The city was bustling. People were pushing against each other to see the ball drop. They started a riot trying to get a good view. However, it started to calm down. The ball lit up as the countdown started.
1	Ed went to the local chicken restaurant. He ordered a bucket of chicken to eat. When he got home he noticed it wasn't what he had ordered. It was all wings and thighs when is was supposed to be breasts. Ed called the restaurant and complained.
0	Ed went to the local chicken restaurant. He ordered a bucket of chicken to eat. When he got home he noticed it wasn't what he had ordered. It was all wings and thighs when is was supposed to be breasts. Ed called the restaurant and complimented them for their service.
0	Mike used to play intramural volleyball. The one time before the playoffs his friend made a mistake. He jokingly through the ball at his face. Next thing you know his glasses broke off his face. Mike was proud of his friend.
1	Mike used to play intramural volleyball. The one time before the playoffs his friend made a mistake. He jokingly through the ball at his face. Next thing you know his glasses broke off his face. Mike was upset at his friend.
0	Today was the day Fred was getting his exam back. He was quite excited. But at the same time he was nervous. Finally when he got it back he saw that he aced it. He was upset at the grade he received.
1	Today was the day Fred was getting his exam back. He was quite excited. But at the same time he was nervous. Finally when he got it back he saw that he aced it. He was so excited to ace it.
1	Blake wanted to marry his girlfriend. He had the money for a ring. However he didn't know what ring to buy. Blake called his girlfriend's sister for help. The sister helped him find the perfect ring.
0	Blake wanted to marry his girlfriend. He had the money for a ring. However he didn't know what ring to buy. Blake called his girlfriend's sister for help. Blake proposed to the sister.
0	Charles and his friends went to Universal Studios. They visited the Harry Potter portion of the park. They boarded the Hogwarts Express at King's Cross. The got off the train at Hogsmeade at the Islands of Adventure. Charles and his friends then went to Universal Studios.
1	Charles and his friends went to Universal Studios. They visited the Harry Potter portion of the park. They boarded the Hogwarts Express at King's Cross. The got off the train at Hogsmeade at the Islands of Adventure. When the trip was over, Charles and his friends went home.
1	Francisco often feels bored and lonely on Sunday mornings. While he is busy all week with work, on Sundays he doesn't see people. Today, Francisco decides to go to a nearby coffee shop to read. As he sips coffee and reads his novel, he feels less lonely. Hearing conversations around him perk up his mood.
0	Francisco often feels bored and lonely on Sunday mornings. While he is busy all week with work, on Sundays he doesn't see people. Today, Francisco decides to go to a nearby coffee shop to read. As he sips coffee and reads his novel, he feels less lonely. He wishes he were alone.
0	Haley was doing gymnastics after school. She stayed longer than everyone else. During a tumble she fell and hurt her neck. There was nobody there to help. Haley continued to perform gymnastics until her mom came.
1	Haley was doing gymnastics after school. She stayed longer than everyone else. During a tumble she fell and hurt her neck. There was nobody there to help. Haley screamed until a teacher came and helped her.
0	Julian planted some carrot seeds in his mother's garden. But they did not grow! He watered them some more. He waited another week. Potato plants began to sprout.
1	Julian planted some carrot seeds in his mother's garden. But they did not grow! He watered them some more. He waited another week. The carrots finally began to sprout.
0	Cassie always wanted to be an actress. She had some experience as a child doing plays at school. One day, she saw an ad in the paper for auditions at the theater. She got her nerve up and went to the casting call the next day. Cassie joined the army.
1	Cassie always wanted to be an actress. She had some experience as a child doing plays at school. One day, she saw an ad in the paper for auditions at the theater. She got her nerve up and went to the casting call the next day. To Cassie's surprise they gave her a call back.
1	Jerry received several gifts for his birthday. Jerry opened up his presents one by one. One gift with nice wrapping caught his eye . Jerry grabbed the gift and unwrapped it. Jerry was excited to see what was under the paper.
0	Jerry received several gifts for his birthday. Jerry opened up his presents one by one. One gift with nice wrapping caught his eye . Jerry grabbed the gift and unwrapped it. Ben was nonplussed about opening the gift.
0	Sleep is precious. Most nights, I only get a few hours. Last night the kids were up six times. I only got an hour of sleep. I felt refreshed.
1	Sleep is precious. Most nights, I only get a few hours. Last night the kids were up six times. I only got an hour of sleep. I was tired all day.
0	Gina was bored in detention. She decided to text her friend Mary across the room. She knew the mean teacher wouldn't approve. She kept her phone in her purse to hide it from the teacher. Gina then texted her teacher.
1	Gina was bored in detention. She decided to text her friend Mary across the room. She knew the mean teacher wouldn't approve. She kept her phone in her purse to hide it from the teacher. Mary texted back.
0	A pop up appeared on my computer. I didn't know what it was, but I clicked it. My home page got directed to a webpage. Out of nowhere, my computer turned off. I closed out of the pop up.
1	A pop up appeared on my computer. I didn't know what it was, but I clicked it. My home page got directed to a webpage. Out of nowhere, my computer turned off. I worried that my computer had a virus.
0	Gina and her friends were feuding. She was the only one who was an outcast. The other girls were getting along great. Gina kept her head down and kept working. Gina had the best day of her life.
1	Gina and her friends were feuding. She was the only one who was an outcast. The other girls were getting along great. Gina kept her head down and kept working. Gina was depressed because her friends were ignoring her.
0	Danny went to the gas station before work and filled up his car. When he got to work he decided to buy a coffee. At the register, he reached into his pocket and found nothing. He must have left his wallet on the top of his car. Danny was proud of what he had done.
1	Danny went to the gas station before work and filled up his car. When he got to work he decided to buy a coffee. At the register, he reached into his pocket and found nothing. He must have left his wallet on the top of his car. Danny was upset with himself.
0	She closed the door and locked it behind her. Her movement was sultry as she approached him. He watched in easy anticipation. She swept him into her arms and they kissed. Then they painted the room.
1	She closed the door and locked it behind her. Her movement was sultry as she approached him. He watched in easy anticipation. She swept him into her arms and they kissed. Then they had sex.
1	Timmy was a little excited about having a baby sister. His parents let him pick out some baby names. He really wanted the baby to be named Jenna but his Mom liked Amy. When the big day finally came he stayed with his grandparents. He jumped for joy when his mother brought his sister home.
0	Timmy was a little excited about having a baby sister. His parents let him pick out some baby names. He really wanted the baby to be named Jenna but his Mom liked Amy. When the big day finally came he stayed with his grandparents. He decided to stay there instead of going home.
1	Linda went to a special retreat to relax. On the first day, she was weirdly told to wear a white robe. Everything they did was in unison and things were getting strange. She said this was not a retreat but a cult following. Linda left as soon as she could.
0	Linda went to a special retreat to relax. On the first day, she was weirdly told to wear a white robe. Everything they did was in unison and things were getting strange. She said this was not a retreat but a cult following. Linda had a lot of fun.
0	Mark brought work home with him last night. When he got to work this morning he couldn't find the work he did. He was sure he bought it back today. All he did was look for that file all day, now it was quitting time. Mark sent his secretary to Wal-Mart for bullets.
1	Mark brought work home with him last night. When he got to work this morning he couldn't find the work he did. He was sure he bought it back today. All he did was look for that file all day, now it was quitting time. Mark found the work at home on a table under the mail.
1	The dog sat in the cage at the shelter waiting for a family. One by one, families walked past, picking other dogs. He wagged his tail but still nobody wanted him. Finally he took a nap. The dog longed for companionship.
0	The dog sat in the cage at the shelter waiting for a family. One by one, families walked past, picking other dogs. He wagged his tail but still nobody wanted him. Finally he took a nap. The dog liked being alone.
0	Nina was scared of the pool. She had never learned to swim! But she dipped her toes in and then entered slowly. Soon she was splashing and dog-paddling. She decided to never go in the pool again.
1	Nina was scared of the pool. She had never learned to swim! But she dipped her toes in and then entered slowly. Soon she was splashing and dog-paddling. She had a great time.
1	My neighbors have a problem with a mouse. They've been chasing it for days. They can hear it in the walls. Today one of them saw it run across the kitchen floor. Tonight they will get a mousetrap to catch the mouse.
0	My neighbors have a problem with a mouse. They've been chasing it for days. They can hear it in the walls. Today one of them saw it run across the kitchen floor. They fed the mouse cheese and gave it mouse toys.
0	My family went to watch the fireworks for Independence Day. This is something that we do every year, no matter where we are. The kids love the bright bursts of light, but hate the loud bangs. My youngest fell asleep during the show. My family did not enjoy any of the show.
1	My family went to watch the fireworks for Independence Day. This is something that we do every year, no matter where we are. The kids love the bright bursts of light, but hate the loud bangs. My youngest fell asleep during the show. We went home after a nice experience.
1	Katie decided it would be fun to dye some Easter eggs. She got her siblings together and they started dying a dozen. The chose all different colors. When they were done they looked beautiful. They were proud of their eggs.
0	Katie decided it would be fun to dye some Easter eggs. She got her siblings together and they started dying a dozen. The chose all different colors. When they were done they looked beautiful. They were sad about the eggs.
1	My friend visited me from California. We went to his van, smoked and talked. Time went by fast as we caught up. My friend told me that he had to go. My friend left and I was happy about the experience.
0	My friend visited me from California. We went to his van, smoked and talked. Time went by fast as we caught up. My friend told me that he had to go. My friend insulted me and then walked away.
0	Yesterday my friend and I got into a fight. It was a verbal fight but still hurtful. She was not being a good friend to me so I got upset. We ended up ending our friendship. I'm having her over for tea later this week.
1	Yesterday my friend and I got into a fight. It was a verbal fight but still hurtful. She was not being a good friend to me so I got upset. We ended up ending our friendship. I deleted her from all of my social media.
1	Susan loved the beach and went often. One day, while she swam in the ocean, a tide pulled Susan under. Susan was terrified and feared she would drown. Thankfully, a lifeguard was nearby and rescued Susan. Susan was more careful when she swam.
0	Susan loved the beach and went often. One day, while she swam in the ocean, a tide pulled Susan under. Susan was terrified and feared she would drown. Thankfully, a lifeguard was nearby and rescued Susan. Susan decided she would swim in deeper water.
0	Just as the storm approached, the power went out in the house. Ted went outside to investigate. Ted noticed that the entire block was without power. He quickly got on his mobile and called the electric company. Ted didn't pay his bill.
1	Just as the storm approached, the power went out in the house. Ted went outside to investigate. Ted noticed that the entire block was without power. He quickly got on his mobile and called the electric company. They repaired the outage.
1	It started snowing last week. It snowed for days. My friend told me to dive in the snow. i dove in the snow. I had to change clothes afterwards.
0	It started snowing last week. It snowed for days. My friend told me to dive in the snow. i dove in the snow. It was hot outside.
1	I really need to start a budget of my expenses. I spend too much money on things I don't need. I've been doing this for so long that now I'm in debt. My brother bought me a book on saving money. I started saving money.
0	I really need to start a budget of my expenses. I spend too much money on things I don't need. I've been doing this for so long that now I'm in debt. My brother bought me a book on saving money. I decided to start spending more freely.
0	Aya entered a contest at her grocery store. Shoppers could submit their receipts into a drawing for a new car. Aya shopped a lot, so she had a lot of entries. She hoped to win the new car! Aya stopped shopping.
1	Aya entered a contest at her grocery store. Shoppers could submit their receipts into a drawing for a new car. Aya shopped a lot, so she had a lot of entries. She hoped to win the new car! Aya waited with anticipation.
1	I love making Popsicles. I get a lot of juice and pour it in the molds. When I take them out of the freezer they are so good. The taste is so rich. The popsicles are great.
0	I love making Popsicles. I get a lot of juice and pour it in the molds. When I take them out of the freezer they are so good. The taste is so rich. I make the worst popsicles I have ever tasted.
0	Fred was nervous for his golf tournament today. He got to the course and started practicing. As the tournament started, he tried his best. Thankfully he ended up winning. Fred was ashamed of what he had done.
1	Fred was nervous for his golf tournament today. He got to the course and started practicing. As the tournament started, he tried his best. Thankfully he ended up winning. Fred was very happy.
1	I was lost in the forest. I panicked because the woods were so thick. I kept walking and walking, until I was ready to give up. All the sudden, I heard a car go by. I was so relieved!
0	I was lost in the forest. I panicked because the woods were so thick. I kept walking and walking, until I was ready to give up. All the sudden, I heard a car go by. I never found my way home.
1	My friend was moving away to college. We decided to throw her a party. We all met up with cake and snacks. She was so surprised to see us! She hugged everyone and cried in joy.
0	My friend was moving away to college. We decided to throw her a party. We all met up with cake and snacks. She was so surprised to see us! She yelled at everyone to leave her alone.
0	Stacie went down to the river bank to feed the ducks. She opened her package of bread. The ducks eagerly swam towards her. Stacie broke off small pieces of bread to give to the ducks. Stacie ate the bread herself.
1	Stacie went down to the river bank to feed the ducks. She opened her package of bread. The ducks eagerly swam towards her. Stacie broke off small pieces of bread to give to the ducks. Stacie then fed the ducks and enjoyed it.
0	Kelly downloaded a fantastic new app. It allowed her to control the lights in her home. She was able to turn them off with a button. Kelly loved the app. Kelly deleted the app.
1	Kelly downloaded a fantastic new app. It allowed her to control the lights in her home. She was able to turn them off with a button. Kelly loved the app. Kelly told all her friends about the app.
0	Sue decided to try a new meatloaf recipe for dinner. She gathered the ingredients and propped open the cookbook. A breeze turned the page when she wasn't looking. Reading the recipe, Sue added a cup of sugar to the bowl. Sue decided to bake a cake instead.
1	Sue decided to try a new meatloaf recipe for dinner. She gathered the ingredients and propped open the cookbook. A breeze turned the page when she wasn't looking. Reading the recipe, Sue added a cup of sugar to the bowl. Sue was upset to learn that she had messed up the recipe.
1	Jim worked at the local coffee shop. He was the best barista in town. He always made sure his customers had the best drinks. Jim's boss saw him working one day and was impressed. Jim got a promotion for doing such a good job.
0	Jim worked at the local coffee shop. He was the best barista in town. He always made sure his customers had the best drinks. Jim's boss saw him working one day and was impressed. Jim's boss fired him.
1	Amy saw a beautiful necklace at a store in the mall. The necklace was more money than Amy had to spend. Amy decided to save more money and return another day. After a month of saving Amy was ready to purchase the necklace. Amy bought the necklace proudly.
0	Amy saw a beautiful necklace at a store in the mall. The necklace was more money than Amy had to spend. Amy decided to save more money and return another day. After a month of saving Amy was ready to purchase the necklace. Amy decided to shoplift the necklace instead.
1	My senior dog is limping on his front right paw. I took him to a veterinarian to get checked out today. The veterinarian performed diagnostic tests on my dog. The tests show result showed that my dog has arthritis. I feel bad for my dog.
0	My senior dog is limping on his front right paw. I took him to a veterinarian to get checked out today. The veterinarian performed diagnostic tests on my dog. The tests show result showed that my dog has arthritis. I am happy for my dog.
1	I was walking through Central Park on a fall day. I found a stray dog with a collar. I called the number on the collar and talked to the owners. The owners came to the park to pick up their dog. They thanked me very much for finding their dog.
0	I was walking through Central Park on a fall day. I found a stray dog with a collar. I called the number on the collar and talked to the owners. The owners came to the park to pick up their dog. They let me keep it.
1	Beth asked Amy to skip 4th period and go to McDonalds for lunch. Amy was hesitant but agreed to go. While at McDonald's Amy's band teacher walked in. He took the girls to the principal's office. They were suspended for a day.
0	Beth asked Amy to skip 4th period and go to McDonalds for lunch. Amy was hesitant but agreed to go. While at McDonald's Amy's band teacher walked in. He took the girls to the principal's office. The principal took the girls to lunch at Applebee's.
0	Lucian was a musician, but not a very good one. He would compose music, but no one wanted to listen. Finally, Lucian decided to take music lessons. After Years of practice and learning, Lucian wrote good music. He felt bad about himself.
1	Lucian was a musician, but not a very good one. He would compose music, but no one wanted to listen. Finally, Lucian decided to take music lessons. After Years of practice and learning, Lucian wrote good music. Finally, people wanted to listen to his music.
1	Brian was cold. He decided to turn on the heat in his house. When the heat came on, it smelled like something was burning. Brian called the service man. He was able to repair the heater at a fair price.
0	Brian was cold. He decided to turn on the heat in his house. When the heat came on, it smelled like something was burning. Brian called the service man. But Brian didn't want the heater repaired.
1	Every Halloween Ned had a party at his house. The whole neighborhood looked forward to going to Ned's party. Ned moved away to a different town last year. The people in the neighborhood made Ned's old house a haunted house. Ned decided to come back for a visit.
0	Every Halloween Ned had a party at his house. The whole neighborhood looked forward to going to Ned's party. Ned moved away to a different town last year. The people in the neighborhood made Ned's old house a haunted house. Ned was livid the neighborhood celebrated Halloween.
0	Kennan was born with a proprioceptive disorder. His mom had a hard time explaining to his brother what that meant. Because Kallen didn't understand, the boys fought a lot. This made things very hard for the family. The parents wished their three daughters would get along better.
1	Kennan was born with a proprioceptive disorder. His mom had a hard time explaining to his brother what that meant. Because Kallen didn't understand, the boys fought a lot. This made things very hard for the family. They considered seeing a family counselor to help with everything.
0	Carl stayed home alone while his parents were on a trip. He was hungry and ordered food. After an hour of waiting, Carl fell asleep. 3 hours later, a knock on the door woke him up. Carl did not wake up.
1	Carl stayed home alone while his parents were on a trip. He was hungry and ordered food. After an hour of waiting, Carl fell asleep. 3 hours later, a knock on the door woke him up. The food had arrived and Carl was excited.
1	Jim was in high school as he heard the tell tale tornado siren. He felt a growing panic as he saw the green color of the sky. Everyone moved into the hallway and kept their backs to the wall. He heard the whipping wind grow stronger outside. Jim was scared.
0	Jim was in high school as he heard the tell tale tornado siren. He felt a growing panic as he saw the green color of the sky. Everyone moved into the hallway and kept their backs to the wall. He heard the whipping wind grow stronger outside. Jim went outside to look for his dog.
0	My cane has a strap. The strap is attached to the end of the cane. The attachment kept coming off. I looked for a different strap. My can does not need a new strap.
1	My cane has a strap. The strap is attached to the end of the cane. The attachment kept coming off. I looked for a different strap. I bought a different strap.
0	Gina's extended family was fighting another family. They were in a park, and someone called the police. The police cars drove up fast with their sirens blaring. They jumped out of the cars and began to run towards them. They gave them all ice cream cones with sprinkles.
1	Gina's extended family was fighting another family. They were in a park, and someone called the police. The police cars drove up fast with their sirens blaring. They jumped out of the cars and began to run towards them. The police broke up the fight and questioned everyone.
0	Irene had just gotten a job bartending to pay for college. It was her first night and she was afraid. She thought men would be rude to her. But they were so polite and friendly! She decided that this job was not for her.
1	Irene had just gotten a job bartending to pay for college. It was her first night and she was afraid. She thought men would be rude to her. But they were so polite and friendly! She was enjoyed her first night at her job.
0	Jay was falling behind in math class. There was an exam at the end of the week, and he was very nervous. Jay hired a tutor, but it wasn't enough. The night before the test, Jay stayed up all night studying. The next day Jay spent all day at the mall.
1	Jay was falling behind in math class. There was an exam at the end of the week, and he was very nervous. Jay hired a tutor, but it wasn't enough. The night before the test, Jay stayed up all night studying. Jay barely passed the test.
1	The band walked to the front of the stage. They began to perform. The electricity immediately went off. Everyone couldn't see where they were. After a few minutes, the lights came back on.
0	The band walked to the front of the stage. They began to perform. The electricity immediately went off. Everyone couldn't see where they were. People danced in the well lit room.
0	Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game. He ordered a few tickets. He then invited some of his friends. They all went to the game, and had a good time Dave decided to no go to another game.
1	Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game. He ordered a few tickets. He then invited some of his friends. They all went to the game, and had a good time Dave was happy that he went to the hockey game.
1	The Waltons hadn't had a vacation in Years. This last summer they decided to drive to the beach. The family drove for hours and stopped a few times along the way. They spent five days at a nice hotel at the beach. The Waltons were very relaxed.
0	The Waltons hadn't had a vacation in Years. This last summer they decided to drive to the beach. The family drove for hours and stopped a few times along the way. They spent five days at a nice hotel at the beach. The Waltons felt extremely stressed.
1	One day Tommy and his friend Bill took a road trip. They jumped in the car and drove away. They drove to the ocean. They got out and ran beside the beach. Tommy couldn't swim, so he just watched Bill go into the surf.
0	One day Tommy and his friend Bill took a road trip. They jumped in the car and drove away. They drove to the ocean. They got out and ran beside the beach. Tommy would never forgive Bill for that.
1	Rachel's mother always made her and the kids Kool-Aid. One day Rachel was very thirsty. She decided to make herself Kool-Aid for the first time. She dumped the package in water and stirred it up and took a sip. She realized she mixed in too much water and it tasted bad.
0	Rachel's mother always made her and the kids Kool-Aid. One day Rachel was very thirsty. She decided to make herself Kool-Aid for the first time. She dumped the package in water and stirred it up and took a sip. She realized a hotdog would be great instead.
0	The Brown family was going to the Grand Canyon. They all piled in the car and began their drive from Iowa. There were many stops along the way and the trip was long. When they arrived at the Canyon the kids hopped out of the car. They walked all they way back home in disgust, and anger.
1	The Brown family was going to the Grand Canyon. They all piled in the car and began their drive from Iowa. There were many stops along the way and the trip was long. When they arrived at the Canyon the kids hopped out of the car. They all took photo's to post on their Facebook pages.
0	A man dug a well on his farm. Instead of water, though, he struck oil. Jubilant, he placed some calls. A large oil company arrived the next day. The oil company never arrived.
1	A man dug a well on his farm. Instead of water, though, he struck oil. Jubilant, he placed some calls. A large oil company arrived the next day. They bought the land from the man for a million dollars.
0	Tay watched TV all the time. She decided to cut down on her TV consumption. She started by watching one less show every day. Then she watched only on weekends. Tay decided he wasn't watching enough TV.
1	Tay watched TV all the time. She decided to cut down on her TV consumption. She started by watching one less show every day. Then she watched only on weekends. Tay had much more time to do things outside the house.
1	Myla was asked to be in a play. She a had a leading role. Myla was struggling to remember her lines. Her mother began helping her practice daily. With her mother's help Myla memorized her lines quickly.
0	Myla was asked to be in a play. She a had a leading role. Myla was struggling to remember her lines. Her mother began helping her practice daily. Myla was excited to finally upgrade her cell phone model.
0	My kitchen had too much trash in it. I cleaned it up and put it into bags. I took the bags outside of my house. I then carried the bags down my driveway to the trash can. I missed the trash in the kitchen.
1	My kitchen had too much trash in it. I cleaned it up and put it into bags. I took the bags outside of my house. I then carried the bags down my driveway to the trash can. I was glad to get rid of the trash.
0	It was Anne's daughter Stacey's first birthday. Anne was excited to give her daughter this special day. She couldn't wait to share it with her. Unfortunately it started to rainy. Anne was very pleased that it was raining.
1	It was Anne's daughter Stacey's first birthday. Anne was excited to give her daughter this special day. She couldn't wait to share it with her. Unfortunately it started to rainy. Anne was not pleased that it was raining.
0	Jenny wanted to learn how to dance. She took a class on how to square dance. She then would go to square dances with her friends. One day she met a guy who square dances. But Jenny thought he wasn't skilled enough.
1	Jenny wanted to learn how to dance. She took a class on how to square dance. She then would go to square dances with her friends. One day she met a guy who square dances. Both of them became great square dancing partners.
0	Ally collects things with peacocks on them. For her birthday, Fred bought her a peacock teapot. She loved it. She put it on her shelf to admire. Ally thinks Fred is selfish.
1	Ally collects things with peacocks on them. For her birthday, Fred bought her a peacock teapot. She loved it. She put it on her shelf to admire. Ally is grateful to Fred.
0	Last March we performed a Ching Ming ceremony. Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead. My son, daughter, son in law and wife drove to a cemetery. We placed food, wine, and incense in front of family graves. We are ashamed at doing this.
1	Last March we performed a Ching Ming ceremony. Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead. My son, daughter, son in law and wife drove to a cemetery. We placed food, wine, and incense in front of family graves. We love participating in this cultural event.
1	Tyler needed some extra spending money. He began looking for after school jobs. Finally he found a job at the local cafe. He makes coffee and bagels for customers. He likes all the money he has now.
0	Tyler needed some extra spending money. He began looking for after school jobs. Finally he found a job at the local cafe. He makes coffee and bagels for customers. He had fun golfing.
1	Tim's truck needed an oil change. He decided to do it himself to save some money. Under the truck, he loosened the plug on the oil pan. Suddenly, oil poured everywhere! It created such a mess, maybe it wasn't worth saving the money.
0	Tim's truck needed an oil change. He decided to do it himself to save some money. Under the truck, he loosened the plug on the oil pan. Suddenly, oil poured everywhere! Tim then took another bite of pizza.
1	Joey was excited to go to the ice sculpture display with his dad. His friend told him there all kinds of mythical creatures there. Joey ran from one to the other to be sure to see everything. His favorite was a dragon that was at least twice his size. Joey had a picture taken of a dragon sculpture.
0	Joey was excited to go to the ice sculpture display with his dad. His friend told him there all kinds of mythical creatures there. Joey ran from one to the other to be sure to see everything. His favorite was a dragon that was at least twice his size. Joey decided he never wanted to another ice sculpture display.
0	My laptop stopped working. My cousin accidentally dropped it. She apologized. Now I need to buy a new one. My cousin is very mad at me.
1	My laptop stopped working. My cousin accidentally dropped it. She apologized. Now I need to buy a new one. I made my cousin pay for it.
0	My grandfather died last night. He had been battling cancer for months. It finally took too much of a toll on him. He passed away in his sleep. I laughed for hours.
1	My grandfather died last night. He had been battling cancer for months. It finally took too much of a toll on him. He passed away in his sleep. He was very old.
1	Hector was going to propose to his girlfriend Sarah. He took her to the park to enjoy a nice romantic picnic. An airplane was scheduled to fly a banner above to ask the question. Hector saw the plane flying over and told Sarah to look up. Sarah said yes.
0	Hector was going to propose to his girlfriend Sarah. He took her to the park to enjoy a nice romantic picnic. An airplane was scheduled to fly a banner above to ask the question. Hector saw the plane flying over and told Sarah to look up. The plane banner said what a nice day.
1	Jordan met Sally over two Year's ago and got into a relationship. Suddenly Sally got distant with Jordan. Jordan heard through a friend that Sally was seeing another guy. Jordan confronted Sally and she admitted to seeing another guy. Jordan was sad and broke off his relationship with Sally.
0	Jordan met Sally over two Year's ago and got into a relationship. Suddenly Sally got distant with Jordan. Jordan heard through a friend that Sally was seeing another guy. Jordan confronted Sally and she admitted to seeing another guy. Jordan was excited and took Sally out to dinner.
1	Yesterday I was wearing my new shirt. The shirt was white and clean as could be. Yet unfortunately I had an accident. I spilled some sauce on it. I immediately took the shirt to the dry cleaners.
0	Yesterday I was wearing my new shirt. The shirt was white and clean as could be. Yet unfortunately I had an accident. I spilled some sauce on it. I was glad I wasn't wearing a dark color.
0	Samantha was happy to go away for the summer. She told all of her friends that she was going to Hawaii. At the last minute her brother gets sick. Samantha vacation was cancelled. Samantha was ecstatic!
1	Samantha was happy to go away for the summer. She told all of her friends that she was going to Hawaii. At the last minute her brother gets sick. Samantha vacation was cancelled. Samantha was so disappointed!
0	Amy was scared of going to the doctor. The pediatrician was very patient with her and shared her stethoscope. Amy found it very interesting and wasn't scared anymore. Amy decided she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. When Amy went home, she resented the doctor.
1	Amy was scared of going to the doctor. The pediatrician was very patient with her and shared her stethoscope. Amy found it very interesting and wasn't scared anymore. Amy decided she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. Amy actually grew up to be a successful doctor.
1	Gomez loves Halloween. He wanted to enter a costume contest. For his costume, he decided to be Mickey Mouse. The contest had a Disney theme. He won the contest.
0	Gomez loves Halloween. He wanted to enter a costume contest. For his costume, he decided to be Mickey Mouse. The contest had a Disney theme. Gomez is ashamed of what he has done.
1	Jack has a big garden. He weeds it every day. Once a week he takes veggies to the market. Jack waters his garden in the morning. His veggies grow large and plentiful.
0	Jack has a big garden. He weeds it every day. Once a week he takes veggies to the market. Jack waters his garden in the morning. He is happy the weeds grow.
0	As Amy stood in line at security she realized she hated airports. She placed her purse into the bin and walked through. The TSA agent asked her to step to the side. Amy had forgotten to remove her mace from her key chain. Amy was allowed to carry whatever she wanted to.
1	As Amy stood in line at security she realized she hated airports. She placed her purse into the bin and walked through. The TSA agent asked her to step to the side. Amy had forgotten to remove her mace from her key chain. Amy explained the situation and moved on.
0	Debra decided that the bus was the most economical way to get to work. Debra found the bus somewhat slow, but very cost-effective. Debra also liked that public transit was environmentally friendly. She had to get up fifteen minutes earlier to make it to the bus. She got up and drove her car to work.
1	Debra decided that the bus was the most economical way to get to work. Debra found the bus somewhat slow, but very cost-effective. Debra also liked that public transit was environmentally friendly. She had to get up fifteen minutes earlier to make it to the bus. She set her alarm for 15 minutes earlier.
0	I really wanted to make a snowman last week. There was plenty of time and snow. Unfortunately I didn't have any gloves good enough. I had lost all the pairs that wouldn't soak through. Then I went out and built a snowman.
1	I really wanted to make a snowman last week. There was plenty of time and snow. Unfortunately I didn't have any gloves good enough. I had lost all the pairs that wouldn't soak through. Sadly I had to skip building a snowman.
1	Tom was delivering newspapers on his bike. It went smoothly until he arrived at this abandoned street. A house was empty but the door was open. Tom went inside of the house. Tom found an empty and haunted house.
0	Tom was delivering newspapers on his bike. It went smoothly until he arrived at this abandoned street. A house was empty but the door was open. Tom went inside of the house. Tom walked into a surprise birthday party.
1	When Mary was a child, her class visited an apple orchard. Hungry Mary snuck off behind some bushes to eat an apple she picked. Years later, she felt guilty because she had not paid for the apple. Though a relatively trivial matter, it weighed on her conscience. Mary decided to visit the orchard and pay them.
0	When Mary was a child, her class visited an apple orchard. Hungry Mary snuck off behind some bushes to eat an apple she picked. Years later, she felt guilty because she had not paid for the apple. Though a relatively trivial matter, it weighed on her conscience. Mary decided to visit the orchard and steal another apple.
0	I went to trade in my car. I wanted something nice. I found a good car for good price. As I left, I turned on the a/c. I was happy as the car warmed up.
1	I went to trade in my car. I wanted something nice. I found a good car for good price. As I left, I turned on the a/c. The a/c felt nice on a hot day.
0	Lisa wanted to go to her friends house. Her mother had to run errands and need her to watch the kids. She could only go if she took them with. Her mother gave her $10 to babysit and left. Lisa decided to eat a hotdog instead.
1	Lisa wanted to go to her friends house. Her mother had to run errands and need her to watch the kids. She could only go if she took them with. Her mother gave her $10 to babysit and left. Lisa had a great time babysitting with her friend.
1	Cassidy always loved eating scones at the shop near his home. He decided to try baking scones at home. At first his scones came out too try. However, he kept baking new batches until they were delicious. Cassidy became good at baking scones.
0	Cassidy always loved eating scones at the shop near his home. He decided to try baking scones at home. At first his scones came out too try. However, he kept baking new batches until they were delicious. Cassidy moved away.
1	As Archie was walking home, he noticed the sky was getting dark. He decided to run home instead of walk. The rainy started to pour. Archie couldn't run home fast enough. His clothes got completely soaked.
0	As Archie was walking home, he noticed the sky was getting dark. He decided to run home instead of walk. The rainy started to pour. Archie couldn't run home fast enough. He was happy it rained.
1	Mellie thought she had seen a ghost. She looked all over her house with a flashlight to find the source. Finally, she saw the ghost again. She worked up the courage to turn on the lights. Mellie found there were shadows in the curtains.
0	Mellie thought she had seen a ghost. She looked all over her house with a flashlight to find the source. Finally, she saw the ghost again. She worked up the courage to turn on the lights. Mellie was looking forward to meeting any spirits.
0	George had to go to court. He had to pay a parking ticket. He arrived at his local city council. He waited in line. George decided to spend the money on a new hat instead.
1	George had to go to court. He had to pay a parking ticket. He arrived at his local city council. He waited in line. Eventually, George was able to pay the ticket.
1	Last week I ran into the cutest girl ever. We were both at the grocery store and our eyes met. I mustered up the courage to ask for her number. She said no. I went on about my day.
0	Last week I ran into the cutest girl ever. We were both at the grocery store and our eyes met. I mustered up the courage to ask for her number. She said no. She gave me her number.
1	Pam was looking for a house to buy. After a few months of looking, she finally found a house she loved. However, it was a little too expensive. Pam tried to talk down the price, and succeeded. Pam finally bought the house.
0	Pam was looking for a house to buy. After a few months of looking, she finally found a house she loved. However, it was a little too expensive. Pam tried to talk down the price, and succeeded. Pam became homeless.
0	Candy was nervous about her upcoming airplane trip. Her sister gave her some sleeping pills to help her relax. Candy hated taking pills, but once on the plane, she felt differently. She was too nervous and took the pills despite herself. She felt as if she had drank five cups of coffee.
1	Candy was nervous about her upcoming airplane trip. Her sister gave her some sleeping pills to help her relax. Candy hated taking pills, but once on the plane, she felt differently. She was too nervous and took the pills despite herself. She didn't wake up until the plane landed.
0	Ted was seated at the bench at the airport, awaiting his flight. A family approach Ted and asked him if he could watch something. They asked him to watch a large box while they looked for their kid. Ted apologized and got up quickly and walked away. The family thought Ted was very nice.
1	Ted was seated at the bench at the airport, awaiting his flight. A family approach Ted and asked him if he could watch something. They asked him to watch a large box while they looked for their kid. Ted apologized and got up quickly and walked away. The family thought Ted was very rude.
0	A young man went to buy a shirt. He searched through several aisles. He found a shirt he liked. Of course he paid for it. He couldn't remember where he parked his car in the parking lot.
1	A young man went to buy a shirt. He searched through several aisles. He found a shirt he liked. Of course he paid for it. He knew there were severe consequences for shoplifting.
1	I decided it was time for me to go to sleep. I started up the stairs. My kitty ran in front of me. I got into my bed and under my covers. My kitty laid on my chest, and we went to sleep.
0	I decided it was time for me to go to sleep. I started up the stairs. My kitty ran in front of me. I got into my bed and under my covers. I searched the room for 20 minutes looking for my kitty.
0	Samantha wanted to watch a scary movie, but her mother said no. Her mother left for work, and Samantha decided to watch it anyway. The movie was so scary it gave Samantha nightmares for weeks! She wished she'd never watched it! Samantha watched another scary movie.
1	Samantha wanted to watch a scary movie, but her mother said no. Her mother left for work, and Samantha decided to watch it anyway. The movie was so scary it gave Samantha nightmares for weeks! She wished she'd never watched it! Samantha learned her lesson.
1	Katie had waited till the last day to write her book report. She was nervous and had to hurry. She didn't do a very good job. Her teacher gave her a bad grade. Katie was upset at herself for waiting until the last minute.
0	Katie had waited till the last day to write her book report. She was nervous and had to hurry. She didn't do a very good job. Her teacher gave her a bad grade. Katie was excited to join the team.
1	Class started in 10 minutes and I had a math assignment due. My older friend volunteered to do it for me. Unfortunately, my teacher found out about the copying. She crumbled my paper and threw it in the trash. My teacher gave me an F for the assignment.
0	Class started in 10 minutes and I had a math assignment due. My older friend volunteered to do it for me. Unfortunately, my teacher found out about the copying. She crumbled my paper and threw it in the trash. My teacher gave me an A on the paper.
1	Ethan enrolled in a singing lesson near his house. He did not have any previous experience and was nervous. His instructor was a nice lady who was a world renown singer. Ethan practiced singing the scales with her. Ethan soon became an amazing soprano.
0	Ethan enrolled in a singing lesson near his house. He did not have any previous experience and was nervous. His instructor was a nice lady who was a world renown singer. Ethan practiced singing the scales with her. Ethan became a master at playing guitar.
0	Sunny went with her family to a village. The village was hosting a swap meet. Her family found some great deals. Overall Sunny found the event boring. She asked if they could go again next week.
1	Sunny went with her family to a village. The village was hosting a swap meet. Her family found some great deals. Overall Sunny found the event boring. She rolled her eyes as her folks rejoiced at all the neat things.
0	Kelly took an afternoon hike with her husband. Halfway through the hike, her husband stopped. He pointed to the ground, where several animal tracks were present. Kelly knelt down to examine the tracks more closely. She was standing too far away to see.
1	Kelly took an afternoon hike with her husband. Halfway through the hike, her husband stopped. He pointed to the ground, where several animal tracks were present. Kelly knelt down to examine the tracks more closely. They were deer tracks.
1	Kelly was walking down the street. She is a attractive female. However, she started to get harassed. All the men were whistling and hollering. Kelly kept on walking.
0	Kelly was walking down the street. She is a attractive female. However, she started to get harassed. All the men were whistling and hollering. All the men think Kelly is ugly.
0	Neil was having a great time in Athens. Then a new friend offered him a traditional drink. It was a strong spirit called ouzo. Neil had a great night drinking, but the next morning was awful. I woke up refreshed and well rested!
1	Neil was having a great time in Athens. Then a new friend offered him a traditional drink. It was a strong spirit called ouzo. Neil had a great night drinking, but the next morning was awful. He woke up with a terrible migraine.
0	Kelly loved a boy named Steve. They spent everyday together. One day Steve asked Kelly to marry him. She said yes. They hated one another from the start.
1	Kelly loved a boy named Steve. They spent everyday together. One day Steve asked Kelly to marry him. She said yes. Kelly and Steve had a beautiful wedding.
0	On the fourth of July, Lilly baked a lemon blueberry cake. She brought it to her boyfriend's house and they had a bbq. After dinner they drove into the city to watch fireworks. When the show was over, they got donuts from a food truck. Lilly had a terrible date.
1	On the fourth of July, Lilly baked a lemon blueberry cake. She brought it to her boyfriend's house and they had a bbq. After dinner they drove into the city to watch fireworks. When the show was over, they got donuts from a food truck. Lilly had a wonderful time.
1	Emma had been working as a dishwasher. Her hands cracked and bled from the hot soapy water. Then her mom noticed and concocted a special salve for her. Emma used the salve every night before bed. Her hands got better.
0	Emma had been working as a dishwasher. Her hands cracked and bled from the hot soapy water. Then her mom noticed and concocted a special salve for her. Emma used the salve every night before bed. Emma threw the salve in the trash.
0	Two friends heard about a local house-warming party. The friends couldn't decide if they should dress formally or not. One friend chose to dress in jeans and a t-shirt. The other went in a black dress. They had a wonderful time at the restaurant.
1	Two friends heard about a local house-warming party. The friends couldn't decide if they should dress formally or not. One friend chose to dress in jeans and a t-shirt. The other went in a black dress. They both dressed wrongly for it was a nude house warming party.
1	An old rich man owned an island. He built a great zoo there. The zoo had unusual animals that nobody had ever seen before. A hurricane struck the island and many of the animals were set free. The man quickly tried to round them all up, but it was difficult.
0	An old rich man owned an island. He built a great zoo there. The zoo had unusual animals that nobody had ever seen before. A hurricane struck the island and many of the animals were set free. The man was relieved the hurricane had missed his zoo.
0	Joe woke up late for school. He asked his mom for a ride, but she had no time. He knew it was too late to catch the bus. He decided he had to run all the way to school! Joe arrived at school an hour before the bus did.
1	Joe woke up late for school. He asked his mom for a ride, but she had no time. He knew it was too late to catch the bus. He decided he had to run all the way to school! Joe arrived at school exhausted.
0	Carl wanted to make dinner to impress the woman he was dating. He studied some recipes and planned the meal. One the big day, his nervousness caused him to switch sugar and salt. His date could barely eat one bite and Carl was crushed. Carl's date enjoyed the meal.
1	Carl wanted to make dinner to impress the woman he was dating. He studied some recipes and planned the meal. One the big day, his nervousness caused him to switch sugar and salt. His date could barely eat one bite and Carl was crushed. Carl was sad because his date never called him again.
0	One month after Jen's mom died, her father remarried. Her new stepmother was literally five Years older than her. At first, Jenny could barely stand to be around the woman. Then one night they went to dinner, and became great friends! Jenny decided her step mother was too old for her.
1	One month after Jen's mom died, her father remarried. Her new stepmother was literally five Years older than her. At first, Jenny could barely stand to be around the woman. Then one night they went to dinner, and became great friends! Jenny decided she liked her step mother.
1	Mill was headed to his first day of school. When he arrived to class the teacher sat him with other black kids. Mill couldn't understand why he couldn't sit up front. His teacher told him the back is the spot he belongs. Mill learned later that his teacher was racist.
0	Mill was headed to his first day of school. When he arrived to class the teacher sat him with other black kids. Mill couldn't understand why he couldn't sit up front. His teacher told him the back is the spot he belongs. Mill was the only girl in the whole class.
1	Mark took a sick day today, he was faking it, obviously. He didn't put on anything besides socks and boxers. He was eat ice cream and sing into his brush. The first verse of his encore he slipped on the hardwood floor. Mark sprained his wrist.
0	Mark took a sick day today, he was faking it, obviously. He didn't put on anything besides socks and boxers. He was eat ice cream and sing into his brush. The first verse of his encore he slipped on the hardwood floor. Mark enjoyed the trip.
0	Ela was babysitting. Her young charge wanted chicken nuggets. Ela checked, but there were none in the freezer. She went to McDonald's and bought some nuggets. Ela ate all of the chicken by herself.
1	Ela was babysitting. Her young charge wanted chicken nuggets. Ela checked, but there were none in the freezer. She went to McDonald's and bought some nuggets. The child was happy with his nuggets.
0	Gina was putting posters on her bedroom walls. There was a poster of the cool new girl group. The girls were wearing bright colorful clothing. Gina herself was wearing a brown shirt and khakis. Gina threw the poster into the trash.
1	Gina was putting posters on her bedroom walls. There was a poster of the cool new girl group. The girls were wearing bright colorful clothing. Gina herself was wearing a brown shirt and khakis. Gina decided she would wear more colorful clothing.
1	Jake was swimming in his backyard. All of a sudden his pool burst open. There was a hole on the side of his pool. All the water leaked out of the pool. Jake was very upset.
0	Jake was swimming in his backyard. All of a sudden his pool burst open. There was a hole on the side of his pool. All the water leaked out of the pool. Jake was very happy.
1	Em had had digestion issues lately. She visited her doctor. He suggested probiotics and active cultures. Em started to eat enriched yogurt every day. After two weeks, she had less bloating and felt better.
0	Em had had digestion issues lately. She visited her doctor. He suggested probiotics and active cultures. Em started to eat enriched yogurt every day. Em stocked up on favorites: bacon, beer and cookies!
0	Gina had searched for her lost pencils for days. She had even searched the bag of a boy she thought took them. She knew she couldn't ask her mother for more pencils. And she didn't have money to buy more. Gina didn't know what she would do without her paints.
1	Gina had searched for her lost pencils for days. She had even searched the bag of a boy she thought took them. She knew she couldn't ask her mother for more pencils. And she didn't have money to buy more. Luckily, Gina's teacher handed out new pencils that day.
0	Aidan's family had moved to a very rural area. His parents discussed schooling options. Aidan's mom didn't want him to ride a bus for three hours every day. She decided to teach him herself. Aidan enjoyed riding the bus every day.
1	Aidan's family had moved to a very rural area. His parents discussed schooling options. Aidan's mom didn't want him to ride a bus for three hours every day. She decided to teach him herself. Aidan learned a lot from his mom.
1	Gina needed a blanket for her picnic. She wanted a red gingham one. The closest she could find was her mom's bedspread. She pulled if off the bed and took it to the yard. Her mom got angry.
0	Gina needed a blanket for her picnic. She wanted a red gingham one. The closest she could find was her mom's bedspread. She pulled if off the bed and took it to the yard. Gina threw it away.
1	Tia decided her kids were drinking too much sugar. She decided to cut out soda pop. Instead, she began to make sugar-free Kool-Aid for them. At first they complained about the change. Later, once Tia's kids were used to the taste, they acclimated.
0	Tia decided her kids were drinking too much sugar. She decided to cut out soda pop. Instead, she began to make sugar-free Kool-Aid for them. At first they complained about the change. Later, Tia's kids joined a rugby league with snazzy uniforms.
1	Ed was nervous about starting high school. He tried to reassure himself. He showed up the first day smiling and friendly. He made lots of friends quickly. Ed was relieved.
0	Ed was nervous about starting high school. He tried to reassure himself. He showed up the first day smiling and friendly. He made lots of friends quickly. Ed found highschool negative.
0	My cat likes to hunt. One day my cat hunted a mouse. The mouse was really fast. The cat could not catch the mouse. The cat got away.
1	My cat likes to hunt. One day my cat hunted a mouse. The mouse was really fast. The cat could not catch the mouse. The cat was really slow.
0	Darren struggled with depression. He never could shake the dark feelings he had. Finally he saw a specialist and got the help he needed. He learned that there were physiological reasons for his depression. Darren felt the appointment had been a waste of time.
1	Darren struggled with depression. He never could shake the dark feelings he had. Finally he saw a specialist and got the help he needed. He learned that there were physiological reasons for his depression. Darren got a lot better with treatment.
1	Trevor thought that people didn't respect the xylophone enough. He loved the high-pitched percussive tones it made. Trevor convinced a band to let him join with the xylophone. They had a top 100 hit that included xylophone on the track. Now the band looks for music with xylophone arrangements.
0	Trevor thought that people didn't respect the xylophone enough. He loved the high-pitched percussive tones it made. Trevor convinced a band to let him join with the xylophone. They had a top 100 hit that included xylophone on the track. Trevor was discouraged from playing the xylophone.
1	Sara came back from the market. And she was eager to try the new coffee that she bought. After she finished preparing it, she drank away. Sara was amazed by how smooth and rich it tasted. Sara decided this was her new favorite coffee.
0	Sara came back from the market. And she was eager to try the new coffee that she bought. After she finished preparing it, she drank away. Sara was amazed by how smooth and rich it tasted. Sara hated the bitter taste of coffee.
0	One summer when my girls were little, I filled a pool in our backyard. I got nice inflatable pool toys, that the girls loved playing with. We carefully put the new toys by the side of the pool at sunset. The next morning, the pool water was muddy and the toys were gone! The dog ate the sandwich from my plate.
1	One summer when my girls were little, I filled a pool in our backyard. I got nice inflatable pool toys, that the girls loved playing with. We carefully put the new toys by the side of the pool at sunset. The next morning, the pool water was muddy and the toys were gone! After checking the doghouse we found the toys.
0	Tom worried that the winter would never end. It had been a cold February and he missed the warm weather. One day the temperature rose suddenly. Tom was so happy to see that winter was finally ending. Tom stayed inside because it was too cold outside.
1	Tom worried that the winter would never end. It had been a cold February and he missed the warm weather. One day the temperature rose suddenly. Tom was so happy to see that winter was finally ending. Tom traded in his jacket for shorts and a t-shirt!
0	Jim loved carving pumpkins and so he entered a carving contest. First, he bought a large pumpkin from the farmer's market. Next, he thought of and drew a design on some paper. Jim carefully carved the design onto the pumpkin. Jim vowed never to carve pumpkins again.
1	Jim loved carving pumpkins and so he entered a carving contest. First, he bought a large pumpkin from the farmer's market. Next, he thought of and drew a design on some paper. Jim carefully carved the design onto the pumpkin. Jim won first prize.
1	Miranda went to bad late last night. As a result she ended up sleeping in. To her dismay she missed the bus. She ended up having to walk to school. As she walked, Miranda decided to go to bed early from now on.
0	Miranda went to bad late last night. As a result she ended up sleeping in. To her dismay she missed the bus. She ended up having to walk to school. Miranda rode to school feeling wide awake.
1	My sister in law is an elephant lover. She collected 100 elephant figurines. Lately she grew tired of her collection. She had me try to sell the figurines on eBay. My sister in law will make some money.
0	My sister in law is an elephant lover. She collected 100 elephant figurines. Lately she grew tired of her collection. She had me try to sell the figurines on eBay. My sister in law bought more elephants.
1	Ana was playing basketball when her finger started hurting. An hour later, she was unable to move it. Her mother told her she was overreacting. Later that night, she was in so much pain she couldn't sleep. Her mother took her to the emergency room to have it checked.
0	Ana was playing basketball when her finger started hurting. An hour later, she was unable to move it. Her mother told her she was overreacting. Later that night, she was in so much pain she couldn't sleep. Ana decided to spin the basketball on her finger.
1	Gina's niece was playing in the driver's seat of her dad's car. Somehow she got the car out of park, and into reverse. The car began to roll down the driveway into the street. Everyone ran to the car to try and stop it. Luckily Gina's dad managed to get into the car and hit the brakes.
0	Gina's niece was playing in the driver's seat of her dad's car. Somehow she got the car out of park, and into reverse. The car began to roll down the driveway into the street. Everyone ran to the car to try and stop it. Gina then drives to Brazil for the day.
1	At the restaurant, the waiter gave me the wrong food. I asked the waiter for the correct dinner. The waiter brought me another incorrect order! They messed up my order twice. I left without paying the waiter a tip.
0	At the restaurant, the waiter gave me the wrong food. I asked the waiter for the correct dinner. The waiter brought me another incorrect order! They messed up my order twice. I left the waiter a large tip.
1	Jake bought a metal detector. He took it to the beach to try it out. His metal detector found things buried in the sand. It frequently found quarters. Jake saved up a lot of money just using his metal detector.
0	Jake bought a metal detector. He took it to the beach to try it out. His metal detector found things buried in the sand. It frequently found quarters. Jake despised his metal detector.
0	I had heard Mr White and Mr Black argue for months. Today I suggested Mr Black call the police on Mr White. Mr Black said the 911 operator was sending the police. I witnessed Mr White stabbing Mr Black. Mr White and Mr Black invited me to their wedding.
1	I had heard Mr White and Mr Black argue for months. Today I suggested Mr Black call the police on Mr White. Mr Black said the 911 operator was sending the police. I witnessed Mr White stabbing Mr Black. The police came and questioned me about what I had seen.
1	Chuck came home from work. He turned on Netflix. His favorite show on Netflix was Breaking Bad. Chuck watched Breaking Bad for 8 hours. Chuck realized that it was 2 in the morning.
0	Chuck came home from work. He turned on Netflix. His favorite show on Netflix was Breaking Bad. Chuck watched Breaking Bad for 8 hours. He was mad that he watched Breaking Bad.
1	There was a book series I loved very much. I looked forward to each new installment. When the last book came out, there was a midnight party at the store. I dressed up and went with my friends. We all had a good time.
0	There was a book series I loved very much. I looked forward to each new installment. When the last book came out, there was a midnight party at the store. I dressed up and went with my friends. We all had a terrible time.
0	Ross had big dreams to be a professional singer. He joined a band as lead vocalist. He took voice lessons. One day his band tried out for a talent competition. Ross had no practice singing so his band did not get a medal.
1	Ross had big dreams to be a professional singer. He joined a band as lead vocalist. He took voice lessons. One day his band tried out for a talent competition. Ross and his band scored first place.
1	It was Gina's turn to choose classes at school. She was enrolling late and there weren't many classes left. She hated the majority of what she was offered. Since she had few choices she took Spanish, and gym. Gina ended up really loving the Spanish class.
0	It was Gina's turn to choose classes at school. She was enrolling late and there weren't many classes left. She hated the majority of what she was offered. Since she had few choices she took Spanish, and gym. Gina decided to put herself on a paleo diet.
0	Terry liked collecting cups with weird art on them. He went to shops and trawled for good cups. His friends gave him cups at holidays. His prized piece was a zoo cup shaped like an elephant. Terry doesn't have good friends.
1	Terry liked collecting cups with weird art on them. He went to shops and trawled for good cups. His friends gave him cups at holidays. His prized piece was a zoo cup shaped like an elephant. His friends gave him his favorite zoo cup.
1	Stewart and his sister were fighting over the TV remote. Their parents yelled at them to stop, but the kids persisted. During a tug of war over the remote, it flew out of their hands. The remote smashed into the TV screen, resulting in a big crack. Stewart and his sister were in trouble.
0	Stewart and his sister were fighting over the TV remote. Their parents yelled at them to stop, but the kids persisted. During a tug of war over the remote, it flew out of their hands. The remote smashed into the TV screen, resulting in a big crack. Stewart and his sister parents congratulated them.
1	Tony had the pizza ingredients ready. He never baked a pizza before. Tony wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He followed the instructions to make pizza. Tom did a good job and his girlfriend liked the pizza.
0	Tony had the pizza ingredients ready. He never baked a pizza before. Tony wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He followed the instructions to make pizza. Tom decided to make fried chicken instead.
0	Billy loved playing video games. One day he begged his parents to take him to Kmart. He saw a whole bunch of games there. He picked out a popular shooter game then took it home. Billy decided that he was sick of video games.
1	Billy loved playing video games. One day he begged his parents to take him to Kmart. He saw a whole bunch of games there. He picked out a popular shooter game then took it home. He played the game until bedtime.
1	A heterosexual couple approach the checkin desk at a hotel. The woman excuses herself to go to the bathroom. A second man walks up to the desk and stands next to the first. The concierge assumes the two men are together. The men realize the concierge's mistake and laugh uncomfortably.
0	A heterosexual couple approach the checkin desk at a hotel. The woman excuses herself to go to the bathroom. A second man walks up to the desk and stands next to the first. The concierge assumes the two men are together. The men fall very much in love and get married.
1	Brad had just gotten his license. He asked his parents for a car for his birthday. They told him they would think about it. They then went and bought him a car. Brad was ecstatic!
0	Brad had just gotten his license. He asked his parents for a car for his birthday. They told him they would think about it. They then went and bought him a car. Brad hated his parents.
0	Arnold changed jobs to be closer to his children. His children seems very uninterested in having him around. Arnold plans more activities with his children. They begin to loosen up towards him. Arnold couldn't wait to have children.
1	Arnold changed jobs to be closer to his children. His children seems very uninterested in having him around. Arnold plans more activities with his children. They begin to loosen up towards him. Soon they love spending time with him.
0	Jenny and her boyfriend boarded the ship. They were both excited for a boat trip around the harbor. They had never seen it from the water. They set sail and began the cruise. They were bored because they had already been on this cruise.
1	Jenny and her boyfriend boarded the ship. They were both excited for a boat trip around the harbor. They had never seen it from the water. They set sail and began the cruise. They were very excited and took lots of pictures.
0	Once we got a new Xbox, we knew we needed to get Battlefront. My brother and I loved to play the game together. Although the hard level was very hard and we couldn't get past it. But we would keep playing and trying to get past the level. Battlefront is the easiest game I ever played.
1	Once we got a new Xbox, we knew we needed to get Battlefront. My brother and I loved to play the game together. Although the hard level was very hard and we couldn't get past it. But we would keep playing and trying to get past the level. The day we finally beat it was such a great day.
1	Ray went to classes to be a plumber. His friends mocked him relentlessly for his career choice. But Ray didn't let them bother him. He kept at it and soon was making $25 an hour as a plumber. Meanwhile, his friends were all unemployed.
0	Ray went to classes to be a plumber. His friends mocked him relentlessly for his career choice. But Ray didn't let them bother him. He kept at it and soon was making $25 an hour as a plumber. He went online, and researched law schools.
1	I arrived in school and decided to head to the library. When I looked at my phone, it had ten percent of its battery left. In addition, I forgot my phone charger at home. Unless there was an emergency call, I didn't use my phone. I didn't need to use my phone the whole day.
0	I arrived in school and decided to head to the library. When I looked at my phone, it had ten percent of its battery left. In addition, I forgot my phone charger at home. Unless there was an emergency call, I didn't use my phone. I used my phone until the battery died anyway.
1	There was this amazing Mexican joint right by my dorm. I would walk there a few times a week and eat tacos. The best part was that they were open all night. I went down there one night I found out they closed. I was really disappointed and hungrier than ever.
0	There was this amazing Mexican joint right by my dorm. I would walk there a few times a week and eat tacos. The best part was that they were open all night. I went down there one night I found out they closed. I enjoyed a great Chinese dinner there.
0	Mary had lost forty pounds. She couldn't wait to go to the beach and show off! She donned her new bikini and headed to the shore. There, she strutted up and down the water's edge. Mary put a sweater on.
1	Mary had lost forty pounds. She couldn't wait to go to the beach and show off! She donned her new bikini and headed to the shore. There, she strutted up and down the water's edge. Mary got a lot of positive attention.
0	Richard lives in the Philippines with his wife and two daughters. His oldest daughter is studying to be a police investigator. His youngest daughter will graduate high school this May. Right after Micah graduates the family is moving to America. Richard and his family are very anti-American.
1	Richard lives in the Philippines with his wife and two daughters. His oldest daughter is studying to be a police investigator. His youngest daughter will graduate high school this May. Right after Micah graduates the family is moving to America. They are very excited for a new life.
1	John was really bored at work one day. He decided to order a huge amount of marshmallows from online. He also bought a marshmallow gun. He spent hours shooting marshmallows at the birds outside his house. John had a lot of stupid fun.
0	John was really bored at work one day. He decided to order a huge amount of marshmallows from online. He also bought a marshmallow gun. He spent hours shooting marshmallows at the birds outside his house. John collected the marshmallows to eat afterwards.
0	Sam decided to go skateboarding on the street. Sam was doing well until a car swerved in front of him. Sam fell and broke his arm. Sam went to the hospital and his arm was put in a cast. He refused to wear it and left the hospital.
1	Sam decided to go skateboarding on the street. Sam was doing well until a car swerved in front of him. Sam fell and broke his arm. Sam went to the hospital and his arm was put in a cast. All his friends thought his cast was cool.
1	The church choir went around town singing Christmas carols. While singing in the park, they encountered a homeless man. The homeless man seemed very annoyed with their singing. Once he heard O Holy Night, he sang along with the choir. He started to enjoy himself.
0	The church choir went around town singing Christmas carols. While singing in the park, they encountered a homeless man. The homeless man seemed very annoyed with their singing. Once he heard O Holy Night, he sang along with the choir. The choir decided to call the police.
1	Today, Jane made a salad. The salad had spinach, goat cheese and cranberries. Jane drizzled balsamic over the top. She shared her salad with her sister. Her sister loved the salad.
0	Today, Jane made a salad. The salad had spinach, goat cheese and cranberries. Jane drizzled balsamic over the top. She shared her salad with her sister. Jane drove a car to the city.
1	Mike took his son Jon and daughter-in-law Pam to the shooting range. He warned them to wear clothes that covered their neck and chest. If they didn't, hot spent shell casings could fall into their collars. Pam's shirt didn't have a collar, so a bit of her chest was exposed. Pam got burns on her chest.
0	Mike took his son Jon and daughter-in-law Pam to the shooting range. He warned them to wear clothes that covered their neck and chest. If they didn't, hot spent shell casings could fall into their collars. Pam's shirt didn't have a collar, so a bit of her chest was exposed. Pam took of her shirt.
1	As a boy I really wanted to meet a girl like my mother. But as I grew I found different traits desirable. Hanging around other boys made me happy inside. I realized quite quickly that I might be gay. As an adult I no longer am interested in meeting a girl.
0	As a boy I really wanted to meet a girl like my mother. But as I grew I found different traits desirable. Hanging around other boys made me happy inside. I realized quite quickly that I might be gay. I bought oysters and champagne.
0	We were on vacation, visiting great historical sites. On our last day we went to a mysterious island. The tour guide said this is where political dissidents were exiled. We decided to explore the island on our own, and left the tour. We then got a tour guide to show us around.
1	We were on vacation, visiting great historical sites. On our last day we went to a mysterious island. The tour guide said this is where political dissidents were exiled. We decided to explore the island on our own, and left the tour. We rented some bicycles and enjoyed traveling around the island.
1	In 1992 our condo had a kitchen fire. I was cooking a turkey. The grease in the oven caught fire. The fire department put out the fire. I was really embarrassed they had to come.
0	In 1992 our condo had a kitchen fire. I was cooking a turkey. The grease in the oven caught fire. The fire department put out the fire. I was happy looking at my kitchen.
1	Gina's friend Ruth had a friend named Jane. Gina and her other friends disliked Jane. But Ruth was always inviting Jane to do things with them. The other friends decided to stop inviting Ruth. Ruth became sad.
0	Gina's friend Ruth had a friend named Jane. Gina and her other friends disliked Jane. But Ruth was always inviting Jane to do things with them. The other friends decided to stop inviting Ruth. Ruth and Jane formed a rival gang.
0	Mariko took her friend Julie to try ramen. Julie had never had ramen that wasn't instant dry noodles before. She eagerly tried the ramen. It was so good, she ordered a second bowl. She poured the contents into the garbage and washed the bowl.
1	Mariko took her friend Julie to try ramen. Julie had never had ramen that wasn't instant dry noodles before. She eagerly tried the ramen. It was so good, she ordered a second bowl. Julie decided it was her new favorite food.
1	Gordy tried making some toast last Tuesday morning. He wanted to have a decent breakfast for once. He waited and the bread never warmed. He finally realized that the toaster wasn't plugged in. He plugged the toaster in.
0	Gordy tried making some toast last Tuesday morning. He wanted to have a decent breakfast for once. He waited and the bread never warmed. He finally realized that the toaster wasn't plugged in. Cody threw the broken toaster away.
0	I was resting on my couch. My two cousins appeared out of nowhere. They raised their water guns. I immediately ran. I decided to play alone in my room.
1	I was resting on my couch. My two cousins appeared out of nowhere. They raised their water guns. I immediately ran. I went outside and sprayed them with the hose when they followed.
0	Mark had an Algebra test coming up. He wanted to get a good grade, so he studied hard every day. The day of the test came, and Mark earned an A! His hard work had paid off! Mark was ashamed of his efforts.
1	Mark had an Algebra test coming up. He wanted to get a good grade, so he studied hard every day. The day of the test came, and Mark earned an A! His hard work had paid off! Mark was proud of his efforts.
1	Sam wrote a letter to his mother. He dropped off the letter in the mailbox. He was surprised to find that his mother did not receive his letter. She waited for a month for it to arrive. Sam tried to send his letter again.
0	Sam wrote a letter to his mother. He dropped off the letter in the mailbox. He was surprised to find that his mother did not receive his letter. She waited for a month for it to arrive. Sam's mother was happy that the letter never came.
0	The puppy came into the house with its paw bleeding. One nail was broken, but no one could determine what happened. The blood drop trail was followed through the back yard. The trail led to a low wire fence. The kitten contently scratched its scratching post.
1	The puppy came into the house with its paw bleeding. One nail was broken, but no one could determine what happened. The blood drop trail was followed through the back yard. The trail led to a low wire fence. The puppy had been scratching at the fence and hurt itself.
1	Sally bought herself grapes. Within a day they were gone. She didn't eat them. She asked her roommates but they all denied eating them. Sally was confused at what happened to the grapes.
0	Sally bought herself grapes. Within a day they were gone. She didn't eat them. She asked her roommates but they all denied eating them. Sally ate the grapes.
1	Jane met Greg in an internet chat room. They agreed to meet at starbucks for coffee. They hit it off surprisingly well. They agreed to meet again the next day. Jane thought Greg might be a potential boyfriend.
0	Jane met Greg in an internet chat room. They agreed to meet at starbucks for coffee. They hit it off surprisingly well. They agreed to meet again the next day. Jane thought Greg wouldn't make a good friend.
0	Blake wanted a car. He searched all over for the best deal. He finally settled on a corvette at a dealership. He bought the car and he instantly fell in love. Blake was embarrassed of his car.
1	Blake wanted a car. He searched all over for the best deal. He finally settled on a corvette at a dealership. He bought the car and he instantly fell in love. Blake wanted to show off his new car to everyone.
0	Greg was thinking about his favorite green things. He loved green apples! He loved green lettuce! He loved green cars! Greg decided that he intensely dislikes the color green!
1	Greg was thinking about his favorite green things. He loved green apples! He loved green lettuce! He loved green cars! Suddenly, he realized that he loved red things more!
0	Joey's little sister was bugging him. He thought it might be funny to trip her. He tripped her, and she started crying. Their mom ran into the room. Joey was able to purchase camping equipment for his little sister.
1	Joey's little sister was bugging him. He thought it might be funny to trip her. He tripped her, and she started crying. Their mom ran into the room. Joey spent the afternoon alone in his room grounded from friends.
0	The other night my husband and I met our friend Greg for pizza. Greg ordered a pizza with anchovies, olives, and sun dried tomatoes. Greg offered my husband a slice. Neither of them could eat more than one slice because it was so salty! They ate the entire pizza in one sitting.
1	The other night my husband and I met our friend Greg for pizza. Greg ordered a pizza with anchovies, olives, and sun dried tomatoes. Greg offered my husband a slice. Neither of them could eat more than one slice because it was so salty! They ended up taking the pizza to go.
1	Lara liked to watch music videos on YouTube. One day she was scanning popular music on the website. She found a music video by the artist Chris Brown that she liked. She felt conflicted because of the reputation of the artist. Lara decided his personal life didn't matter and enjoyed it.
0	Lara liked to watch music videos on YouTube. One day she was scanning popular music on the website. She found a music video by the artist Chris Brown that she liked. She felt conflicted because of the reputation of the artist. Lara watched the Michael Jackson video anyway.
0	The light bulb blew in Amy's bathroom. She went to the kitchen to get another, but they were all gone. Amy went to the store to purchase light bulbs. When she arrived the store was closed. Amy rejoiced the store was closed.
1	The light bulb blew in Amy's bathroom. She went to the kitchen to get another, but they were all gone. Amy went to the store to purchase light bulbs. When she arrived the store was closed. Amy was upset.
0	Tyler decided to make a new fence for his yard. He worked all day long to dig the holes for the posts. The next day, he put the posts in. Then he put up the fencing. Tyler hoped someday to have a place with a yard.
1	Tyler decided to make a new fence for his yard. He worked all day long to dig the holes for the posts. The next day, he put the posts in. Then he put up the fencing. Tyler was very pleased with himself.
0	Today was Jet's first day of school. He was very excited but nervous about making friends. He was worried that the other kids would be mean. When he got to school everyone was so nice. Jet did not like everyone being nice to him.
1	Today was Jet's first day of school. He was very excited but nervous about making friends. He was worried that the other kids would be mean. When he got to school everyone was so nice. Jet was surprised, but happy.
0	Janice notices that she is very tired after work. Her coworker suggests that they stop at a bar for a glass of wine. Janice and her coworker have a glass of pinot noir and relax. Janice feels much better on her walk home. Janice realizes she hates her friends.
1	Janice notices that she is very tired after work. Her coworker suggests that they stop at a bar for a glass of wine. Janice and her coworker have a glass of pinot noir and relax. Janice feels much better on her walk home. Janice relaxes at home and falls asleep.
0	Every morning my dog, Rex, wakes me up by licking my face. One Saturday morning I woke up to find Rex nowhere to be found. I looked all over for Rex until I found her in the laundry room. There she was licking four adorable newborn puppies. I couldn't find my dog anywhere.
1	Every morning my dog, Rex, wakes me up by licking my face. One Saturday morning I woke up to find Rex nowhere to be found. I looked all over for Rex until I found her in the laundry room. There she was licking four adorable newborn puppies. We took pictures.
1	Two ships passed in the night. One was British and one was German. They saw each other and both fired their guns. The two ships began taking on water. Both ships sank before morning.
0	Two ships passed in the night. One was British and one was German. They saw each other and both fired their guns. The two ships began taking on water. The two ships shared their cargo.
1	Greg and his buddies went to the market to order a custom cake. Greg told the clerk he wanted a cake shaped like a haunted house. The clerk said they had a few haunted house designs to choose from. Greg and his buddies picked one out. They were pleased with the cake the next day when they picked it.
0	Greg and his buddies went to the market to order a custom cake. Greg told the clerk he wanted a cake shaped like a haunted house. The clerk said they had a few haunted house designs to choose from. Greg and his buddies picked one out. They picked up the unicorn cake the next day and were pleased wit.
1	Rachel went biking on a mountain trail. She took a less-used route. Rachel got lost in the woods the trail was in. She met a park ranger in the woods and they got out. Rachel felt lucky.
0	Rachel went biking on a mountain trail. She took a less-used route. Rachel got lost in the woods the trail was in. She met a park ranger in the woods and they got out. But Rachel didn't need his help.
1	Our 19 month old granddaughter loves her uncle Joe. It was Joe's birthday yesterday. Our granddaughter lives 200 miles away from her uncle. Her daddy had make a video wishing her uncle Happy Birthday. She had a good time making the birthday video.
0	Our 19 month old granddaughter loves her uncle Joe. It was Joe's birthday yesterday. Our granddaughter lives 200 miles away from her uncle. Her daddy had make a video wishing her uncle Happy Birthday. She did not want to wish her uncle happy birthday n.
1	I needed gas for my car. I did not have enough money for any gallons. I looked under my couch pillows and in my pockets. I finally found enough change. I was able to get gas for my car.
0	I needed gas for my car. I did not have enough money for any gallons. I looked under my couch pillows and in my pockets. I finally found enough change. I was able to buy a burger.
0	Pat wore his favorite shirt to work. During a break he noticed a thread hanging from his collar. He followed the thread to a rip in the fabric. Pat went to a store to buy a sewing kit. He didn't ever fix the rip.
1	Pat wore his favorite shirt to work. During a break he noticed a thread hanging from his collar. He followed the thread to a rip in the fabric. Pat went to a store to buy a sewing kit. He sewed up the rip before it got any bigger.
0	Kim went through her closet and pulled out all her old clothes. She took scissors and cut up all the clothes into strips. She took them and began to sew them to make a dress. Kim put on her new dress and wore it around town. Kim hated the dress.
1	Kim went through her closet and pulled out all her old clothes. She took scissors and cut up all the clothes into strips. She took them and began to sew them to make a dress. Kim put on her new dress and wore it around town. Everyone stared at nice dress.
0	Gina and her friends were all talking about the new boy. He had arrived at the school today and received a new desk. Now all the students in the class wanted new desks. But there weren't enough. The new student had glasses.
1	Gina and her friends were all talking about the new boy. He had arrived at the school today and received a new desk. Now all the students in the class wanted new desks. But there weren't enough. They were jealous of the new boy!
0	I decided I wanted to go to the park the other day. After thinking, I decided on which park in town to go to. After arriving, I set about walking the trails and relaxing. There were a lot of people out that day! I decided to water ski home.
1	I decided I wanted to go to the park the other day. After thinking, I decided on which park in town to go to. After arriving, I set about walking the trails and relaxing. There were a lot of people out that day! I would have preferred solitude.
1	Amy was visiting her best friend in Phoenix. It was her first time in Arizona. She was excited to see the town. She exited the airport and was struck by the heat. Amy began to sweat.
0	Amy was visiting her best friend in Phoenix. It was her first time in Arizona. She was excited to see the town. She exited the airport and was struck by the heat. Amy began shivering.
1	Tyler loved to sing and play the guitar. He played and sing in church. Everyone loved it when he sang. One day Tyler made an album. Everyone bought the album because it was so good.
0	Tyler loved to sing and play the guitar. He played and sing in church. Everyone loved it when he sang. One day Tyler made an album. Then Tyler decided he would never play the guitar again.
0	My wife was coming home early from work last night. I decided to make sandwiches. She usually enjoys them quite a bit. She didn't come home when she said she would. When she came home, I warmed up the chicken.
1	My wife was coming home early from work last night. I decided to make sandwiches. She usually enjoys them quite a bit. She didn't come home when she said she would. I kept the sandwiches in the refrigerator until she arrived.
1	James was sad because all his friends joined band class without him. He begged his mother for permission and money to join but she said no. James got a job with the paper route and saved his money for weeks. Finally, by week 5 of his route he had enough to rent a clarinet. At that point, James was able to join band class.
0	James was sad because all his friends joined band class without him. He begged his mother for permission and money to join but she said no. James got a job with the paper route and saved his money for weeks. Finally, by week 5 of his route he had enough to rent a clarinet. James attempted to join the swim team.
0	Joy went to bed hoping for snow. She had a new sled she really wanted to try! She was overjoyed when she woke up to six inches of snow. She got dressed as quickly as she could. Joy lay on the beach for most of the day.
1	Joy went to bed hoping for snow. She had a new sled she really wanted to try! She was overjoyed when she woke up to six inches of snow. She got dressed as quickly as she could. Joy enjoyed sledding for whole morning.
0	James wasn't into soccer, but he played it anyways. He was actually a great player. Eventually he was offered a scholarship to play for TCU. He wanted to go to college so he kept playing. He declined the offer and just stayed at home.
1	James wasn't into soccer, but he played it anyways. He was actually a great player. Eventually he was offered a scholarship to play for TCU. He wanted to go to college so he kept playing. He went to TCU and graduated.
1	It was a bright sunny day and the Smiths wanted a break. They decided to take a small trip to the beach. Just as they arrived clouds came out and it started raining. They decided to stay and play anyway. They had a fantastic time.
0	It was a bright sunny day and the Smiths wanted a break. They decided to take a small trip to the beach. Just as they arrived clouds came out and it started raining. They decided to stay and play anyway. The hated the beach.
0	On the fourth of July, the bank held an ice cream party. A mom took her toddler to it. They stood in line. When it was their turn, they got a balloon and some ice cream. They father and son then walked home.
1	On the fourth of July, the bank held an ice cream party. A mom took her toddler to it. They stood in line. When it was their turn, they got a balloon and some ice cream. The toddler was very happy about the treats.
1	I was ill-prepared for my final exam coming up. I decided to make a cheat sheet to use in class. I was nervous, but needed an A. I put my cheat sheet in my palm and used it. The teacher caught and suspended me.
0	I was ill-prepared for my final exam coming up. I decided to make a cheat sheet to use in class. I was nervous, but needed an A. I put my cheat sheet in my palm and used it. I was very proud of myself.
0	Oscar was a wrestler in high school and practiced every day. During practice he got sweat from other people on him. He ended up coming down with ringworm on his left hand. He went to the doctor to get medicine. Oscar wrestled his doctor to the floor.
1	Oscar was a wrestler in high school and practiced every day. During practice he got sweat from other people on him. He ended up coming down with ringworm on his left hand. He went to the doctor to get medicine. He had to take his medicine as prescribed, or it wouldn't work.
0	I own five chickens that I keep in a pen to keep them safe. One sunny day I decided to let them wander around on my lawn. They were enjoying themselves when a large hawk swooped down. I saw the hawk grab my favorite hen and I ran after it with a shovel. I used the shovel to get rid of the rest of my chickens.
1	I own five chickens that I keep in a pen to keep them safe. One sunny day I decided to let them wander around on my lawn. They were enjoying themselves when a large hawk swooped down. I saw the hawk grab my favorite hen and I ran after it with a shovel. The hawk flew away before I knew what to do with the shovel.
0	Bob has heard that yoga will help him reduce his stress. He decides to attend a beginners yoga class. However, he finds that the poses are difficult and uncomfortable. One pose even makes his back ache. Bob thinks all of his friends should come to yoga with him.
1	Bob has heard that yoga will help him reduce his stress. He decides to attend a beginners yoga class. However, he finds that the poses are difficult and uncomfortable. One pose even makes his back ache. Bob thinks he should stop trying to do yoga.
0	Harry needed to find a hotel room for a week. Barry decided to research on the internet for hotel options. After selecting two hotel companies, Harry had to make a decision. After comparing, Barry decided on a hotel. Harry told Barry he was going camping.
1	Harry needed to find a hotel room for a week. Barry decided to research on the internet for hotel options. After selecting two hotel companies, Harry had to make a decision. After comparing, Barry decided on a hotel. Harry and Ben loved Barry's choice.
0	Cay decided she was too stressed out. She decided she would try to meditate to calm her stress. Each morning she sat cross-legged and closed her eyes. Then she thought calming thoughts for several minutes. Cay was very stressed afterwards.
1	Cay decided she was too stressed out. She decided she would try to meditate to calm her stress. Each morning she sat cross-legged and closed her eyes. Then she thought calming thoughts for several minutes. This always made her calm and relaxed.
1	Johnny and his mother have been fighting for Years. The fight has gone on so long neither one remembers why it started. One day Johnny decides to call his mother to tell her he loves her. The decide to put the fight behind them. The finally had found peace with each other.
0	Johnny and his mother have been fighting for Years. The fight has gone on so long neither one remembers why it started. One day Johnny decides to call his mother to tell her he loves her. The decide to put the fight behind them. The fight behind them grew larger before the police arrived.
0	Lina's dentist told her she needed braces. She didn't want them. She was scared everyone would make fun of her. Luckily, after she got them, everyone complimented her on them. Lina was so heart broken.
1	Lina's dentist told her she needed braces. She didn't want them. She was scared everyone would make fun of her. Luckily, after she got them, everyone complimented her on them. Lina was so relieved!
1	Tom decided to ditch hanging out with our family. He wanted to go on a date with his girlfriend. They went to a restaurant. He found out that she was waiting for another man over there. Tom was enraged.
0	Tom decided to ditch hanging out with our family. He wanted to go on a date with his girlfriend. They went to a restaurant. He found out that she was waiting for another man over there. Tom was elated for his girlfriend.
1	Bob wanted to bake a birthday cake for his wife. He mixed all of the ingredients together in a bowl. Then, Bob poured the batter into a pan. He baked the cake for 30 minutes. The cake turned out perfectly.
0	Bob wanted to bake a birthday cake for his wife. He mixed all of the ingredients together in a bowl. Then, Bob poured the batter into a pan. He baked the cake for 30 minutes. Bob threw the cake away, and went for a walk.
0	Sarah was typing out an essay for her English class. Her laptop started to make a funny noise. The screen turned black. Sarah took her laptop to a computer repair shop. She let them keep the computer.
1	Sarah was typing out an essay for her English class. Her laptop started to make a funny noise. The screen turned black. Sarah took her laptop to a computer repair shop. The shop fixed her computer.
1	Jordan was upset that his favorite show was being cancelled. He had already sent an email to the network. When that netted no results, he posted on forums. Finally, he realized there was no hope. Jordan gave up.
0	Jordan was upset that his favorite show was being cancelled. He had already sent an email to the network. When that netted no results, he posted on forums. Finally, he realized there was no hope. Jordan watched new episodes of his favorite show.
0	When I was a boy, I went to the arcade. I walked around and looked at all the cool games. I saw one game that really caught my eye. I walked up and put my coins into it. I walked away from it without playing.
1	When I was a boy, I went to the arcade. I walked around and looked at all the cool games. I saw one game that really caught my eye. I walked up and put my coins into it. I played it until I ran out of money.
0	Tommy wanted to take a trip to Florida. He checked his savings, but didn't have much money. So he started working and saving as much as he could. Within a month he had enough for the trip! Tommy spent all of his money on a new bike.
1	Tommy wanted to take a trip to Florida. He checked his savings, but didn't have much money. So he started working and saving as much as he could. Within a month he had enough for the trip! So he went to Florida.
1	Ed went for a foot massage. He was nervous, but his feet ached. The masseuse set him on a stool. Then she rubbed his feet expertly. Ed's feet immediately felt better.
0	Ed went for a foot massage. He was nervous, but his feet ached. The masseuse set him on a stool. Then she rubbed his feet expertly. Ed reported the masseuse for health code violations.
0	Greg was almost always a good kid. But one day he was tossing his baseball and wasn't paying attention. The ball soared through Mr Jones' window and broke it. Greg ran and hid so nobody would be angry with him. He told his mother, and she took him for pizza.
1	Greg was almost always a good kid. But one day he was tossing his baseball and wasn't paying attention. The ball soared through Mr Jones' window and broke it. Greg ran and hid so nobody would be angry with him. His mother found out and made him confess.
1	A couple of my friends took me to an arcade. In addition to playing arcade games, we played outdoor activities. This included going on floats with water guns. My friend and I tried to shoot the people on the other floats. We won the game and received an awesome prize.
0	A couple of my friends took me to an arcade. In addition to playing arcade games, we played outdoor activities. This included going on floats with water guns. My friend and I tried to shoot the people on the other floats. We shot a hole in the opposing float and they sank.
1	Neil was traveling through France. He had spent a few days in Calais. Then he wanted to see the sights in Nice. He hopped on a train and journeyed east. He fell so in love with the scenery that he eventually moved.
0	Neil was traveling through France. He had spent a few days in Calais. Then he wanted to see the sights in Nice. He hopped on a train and journeyed east. When he got off the train, he enjoyed the west immensely.
1	Rob was driving with his friends. They were driving all night just for fun. When they got to downtown the car started to sputter. It ended up stalling in the middle of an intersection. They had to push the car.
0	Rob was driving with his friends. They were driving all night just for fun. When they got to downtown the car started to sputter. It ended up stalling in the middle of an intersection. They soon went home.
0	I stayed in the library all night to study for a chemistry test. By the time the sun started to come up I was exhausted. I struggled to keep my eyes open as I walked to class. Once the tests were handed out, I immediately fell asleep. I began to read over the test.
1	I stayed in the library all night to study for a chemistry test. By the time the sun started to come up I was exhausted. I struggled to keep my eyes open as I walked to class. Once the tests were handed out, I immediately fell asleep. I woke up when the bell rang for class to be over.
0	Kaleb wanted to play basketball. He decided to get into shape. When basketball season arrived, he tried out for the team. He did well in the tryouts and made the team. Kaleb became a master at video games.
1	Kaleb wanted to play basketball. He decided to get into shape. When basketball season arrived, he tried out for the team. He did well in the tryouts and made the team. Kaleb soon became a regular on the team.
0	Travis always stayed up until midnight. He never got a good night of sleep. One night he drank a glass of warm milk. Travis went to bed early. He woke up feeling extremely tired from staying up.
1	Travis always stayed up until midnight. He never got a good night of sleep. One night he drank a glass of warm milk. Travis went to bed early. He woke up feeling better than he had in a long time.
0	Martin had a cabin in the woods. He would go to his cabin whenever he wanted to relax. Martin decided one weekend to take his friends to the cabin. He and his friends got in a car and took a trip to the cabin. Martin's friends were very angry with him.
1	Martin had a cabin in the woods. He would go to his cabin whenever he wanted to relax. Martin decided one weekend to take his friends to the cabin. He and his friends got in a car and took a trip to the cabin. They all enjoyed the cabin.
1	Amy awoke in her dark room. She had fallen asleep waiting on dinner. That was 4 hours ago. She went to see if her family had eaten. Amy found out that dinner had been finished for hours.
0	Amy awoke in her dark room. She had fallen asleep waiting on dinner. That was 4 hours ago. She went to see if her family had eaten. Amy snuck out through the bathroom window.
0	Don fell off of his bike and broke his arm. It wasn't a terrible injury but he needed emergency care. They took him to the hospital in an ambulance. They gave him pain meds and used the sirens. Don was in pain and the ambulance was very late.
1	Don fell off of his bike and broke his arm. It wasn't a terrible injury but he needed emergency care. They took him to the hospital in an ambulance. They gave him pain meds and used the sirens. After taking care of Don, he was able to heal properly.
1	Jane visited Old Navy to purchase new jeans. She was excited by their selection. She chose 9 pair of jeans to try on. To her dismay none of the jeans fit. Jane left Old Navy to try jeans on at another store.
0	Jane visited Old Navy to purchase new jeans. She was excited by their selection. She chose 9 pair of jeans to try on. To her dismay none of the jeans fit. Jane ate in the food court.
1	It was Jane's 2nd date with Jack. As she waited for him to arrive her mother asked when she would return. Jane avoided answering her mother's questions. She was relieved to finally see Jack pull into the driveway. She opened the door and left.
0	It was Jane's 2nd date with Jack. As she waited for him to arrive her mother asked when she would return. Jane avoided answering her mother's questions. She was relieved to finally see Jack pull into the driveway. Jane's mother was very happy with her.
1	Alfred was sitting alone in his room when he heard a strange sound. The sound was getting louder and louder. Alfred was too scared to investigate the sound. Suddenly the sound stopped. Alfred realized it was his dog.
0	Alfred was sitting alone in his room when he heard a strange sound. The sound was getting louder and louder. Alfred was too scared to investigate the sound. Suddenly the sound stopped. Alfred was disappointed.
1	Sally loved horses. She always wanted one of her own. Her parents said she would get one if she did well in school. Sally studied extra hard and made all As. She got the horse she always wanted.
0	Sally loved horses. She always wanted one of her own. Her parents said she would get one if she did well in school. Sally studied extra hard and made all As. Sally decided to get a cow instead of a horse.
0	I was looking on craigslist and saw a free piano. The person needed to get rid of it and I called him. I got his address and showed up at his house. When I got there I saw the nice piano. I then sold the man my piano.
1	I was looking on craigslist and saw a free piano. The person needed to get rid of it and I called him. I got his address and showed up at his house. When I got there I saw the nice piano. I picked up the piano and then went home.
0	Nancy wanted to take a nap. Nancy decided that she would nap on her lunch break. After Nancy clocked out, Nancy went to her car. Once comfortable, Nancy fell asleep in her car. When Nancy woke up, she got out of bed.
1	Nancy wanted to take a nap. Nancy decided that she would nap on her lunch break. After Nancy clocked out, Nancy went to her car. Once comfortable, Nancy fell asleep in her car. When Nancy woke up, it was time to go home.
0	Gina was carrying a clean bedspread upstairs. She was carrying it in her arms. She had a hard time keeping it off the floor. Her arms were too small to hold the whole bedspread. Gina's feet were too big for her shoes.
1	Gina was carrying a clean bedspread upstairs. She was carrying it in her arms. She had a hard time keeping it off the floor. Her arms were too small to hold the whole bedspread. Gina folded the bedspread so she could carry it easier.
1	Fred's English assignment was to write a short story. But he was scared he would fail. He looked at several other short stories for inspiration. And he spent hours and hours writing his story. Fred turned in his story and got an A+.
0	Fred's English assignment was to write a short story. But he was scared he would fail. He looked at several other short stories for inspiration. And he spent hours and hours writing his story. Fred no longer wanted to be a fireman.
0	Matt saw a commercial for new shoes. And they had springy looking cushions in the sole. Matt thought it would allow him to jump higher. So he begged his mom to get the shoes for him. Matt stopped caring about the shoes.
1	Matt saw a commercial for new shoes. And they had springy looking cushions in the sole. Matt thought it would allow him to jump higher. So he begged his mom to get the shoes for him. Matt's mom eventually got him the shoes.
0	Rita was invited to her friend John's birthday party. Rita wanted to look her best for the party. She went to the department store to find a dress. She tried on several dresses of different colors. She loved eating pizza.
1	Rita was invited to her friend John's birthday party. Rita wanted to look her best for the party. She went to the department store to find a dress. She tried on several dresses of different colors. She found a great yellow one.
0	Donald was a big Colts fan. He followed the team religiously. His family wanted to surprise him for his birthday. They bought him front row Cots tickets. Donald was disappointed.
1	Donald was a big Colts fan. He followed the team religiously. His family wanted to surprise him for his birthday. They bought him front row Cots tickets. Donald was thrilled.
0	Dave was shopping for new shoes. The ones he liked were his shoe size but still felt odd. A salesman came and measured his foot to help. They found out Dave's feet are wider than average. Dave's feet were riddled with fungus and infections.
1	Dave was shopping for new shoes. The ones he liked were his shoe size but still felt odd. A salesman came and measured his foot to help. They found out Dave's feet are wider than average. They found some E-sized shoes for him which fit well.
1	I just bought new running shoes. They are comfortable and light. They were on sale. Even though I don't run much, I still like them. I am very proud of my new running shoes.
0	I just bought new running shoes. They are comfortable and light. They were on sale. Even though I don't run much, I still like them. I think I will take dance classes.
0	Debbie wanted to be a rock star. After she graduated she moved to LA to start a band. She had no money and less experience. She saved up to buy a guitar. She practiced the drums every day.
1	Debbie wanted to be a rock star. After she graduated she moved to LA to start a band. She had no money and less experience. She saved up to buy a guitar. Debbie practiced every day for four hours.
1	Tiana was so hungry. She decided to buy a burger! She went to a fast food restaurant and ordered the burger she wanted. When she received the burger, she ate it immediately. Tina was satisfied.
0	Tiana was so hungry. She decided to buy a burger! She went to a fast food restaurant and ordered the burger she wanted. When she received the burger, she ate it immediately. Tina was a vegetarian.
0	Jerry wanted a romantic evening with his girlfriend. He put rose petals by the door. He lit candles throughout the apartment. One of them caught a curtain on fire. Jerry roasted marshmallows on the fire.
1	Jerry wanted a romantic evening with his girlfriend. He put rose petals by the door. He lit candles throughout the apartment. One of them caught a curtain on fire. Jerry burned his house down.
1	Kathryn loved the taste of pineapple. She bought a fresh pineapple from the store. She had no idea how to cut it. Kathryn watched a video on the computer that showed how to slice it. She sliced it perfectly the first time.
0	Kathryn loved the taste of pineapple. She bought a fresh pineapple from the store. She had no idea how to cut it. Kathryn watched a video on the computer that showed how to slice it. Kathryn threw the pineapple away.
1	Gina's dad was near the kitchen window outside. Her mother sprayed him through the window with the sink sprayer. Soon they were throwing cups of water at each other in the yard. Gina and her siblings joined as well. The whole family was wet at the end of the day.
0	Gina's dad was near the kitchen window outside. Her mother sprayed him through the window with the sink sprayer. Soon they were throwing cups of water at each other in the yard. Gina and her siblings joined as well. Gina's parents were mad at her.
0	Sarah decided to participate in a karaoke contest at her local bar. She wanted to win the prize money but also wanted the accolades. The night of the contest she was nervous and got pretty drunk. Luckily she was an even better singer when she was inebriated. Sarah couldn't even make third place.
1	Sarah decided to participate in a karaoke contest at her local bar. She wanted to win the prize money but also wanted the accolades. The night of the contest she was nervous and got pretty drunk. Luckily she was an even better singer when she was inebriated. She won first prize that day.
1	Allison takes a walk every night after dinner to get exercise. Nobody ever wants to go with her. One night, she ran into one of her neighbors. They walked for over an hour and had the best time talking! Allison and her neighbor then made plans to walk more.
0	Allison takes a walk every night after dinner to get exercise. Nobody ever wants to go with her. One night, she ran into one of her neighbors. They walked for over an hour and had the best time talking! Allison did not like her neighbor after the talk.
1	Ed's mom could only afford to feed him bologna every day. He hated feeling so poor all the time. Then his class did a unit on poverty in Asia and India. It really gave Ed a new perspective on his situation. Ed went home and thanked his mom for the food she provided.
0	Ed's mom could only afford to feed him bologna every day. He hated feeling so poor all the time. Then his class did a unit on poverty in Asia and India. It really gave Ed a new perspective on his situation. Ed felt jealous of the people in India and Asia.
0	Georgia was carving a pumpkin. First she put it on the table, on top of some newspaper. Then, she cut the top off and scraped out all of the seeds. Finally, she used a large knife to carve a face in the pumpkin. When georgia was done, she.
1	Georgia was carving a pumpkin. First she put it on the table, on top of some newspaper. Then, she cut the top off and scraped out all of the seeds. Finally, she used a large knife to carve a face in the pumpkin. Georgia made a great looking pumpkin when she finished.
0	Matt wanted to join the Army. He submitted an application. They called him in for a physical. Matt went in for his checkup. Matt talked to the man about becoming a chef.
1	Matt wanted to join the Army. He submitted an application. They called him in for a physical. Matt went in for his checkup. Matt was in great physical shape and joined the army.
1	A group of religious pilgrims took a trip to a shrine. The journey was long and arduous. On arriving, they found a gift shop there. This struck them as highly inappropriate. The pilgrims refused to enter the gift shop.
0	A group of religious pilgrims took a trip to a shrine. The journey was long and arduous. On arriving, they found a gift shop there. This struck them as highly inappropriate. The pilgrims bought many souvenirs there.
0	The day was sunny and warm, a perfect day for a picnic. Mom, James, and Renee went to the park. First they went for a walk. Then they had a picnic by the river. They all ran from the bear.
1	The day was sunny and warm, a perfect day for a picnic. Mom, James, and Renee went to the park. First they went for a walk. Then they had a picnic by the river. They all had a good time.
0	I received a lumbar puncture today. After hugging a friend of mines, I noticed a huge pain on my back. Although decided to take a nap, the pain didn't go away. When the pain was unbearable, I decided to go to the emergency room. I did not go to the hospital.
1	I received a lumbar puncture today. After hugging a friend of mines, I noticed a huge pain on my back. Although decided to take a nap, the pain didn't go away. When the pain was unbearable, I decided to go to the emergency room. They were forced to operate on me and then I felt better.
0	Danny wanted to build a kite but didn't know how. He asked his grandpa to help him. Danny's grandpa gave him a list of things to get at the store. After getting the items Danny and his grandpa worked all afternoon. Danny's grandpa chastised Danny.
1	Danny wanted to build a kite but didn't know how. He asked his grandpa to help him. Danny's grandpa gave him a list of things to get at the store. After getting the items Danny and his grandpa worked all afternoon. At the end of the day, Danny and his grandpa flew the kite.
0	Betsy and her little brother were playing cards. Her little brother insisted on shuffling. He had never done it before. Every time he did it, cards went flying everywhere. Her brother was happy that he couldn't shuffle the cards.
1	Betsy and her little brother were playing cards. Her little brother insisted on shuffling. He had never done it before. Every time he did it, cards went flying everywhere. Betsy helped her brother learn to shuffle the cards.
0	Since it is Christmastime, we bought our cats some new toys. Later, we set up our tree. The cats loved their new toys. They must have thought the tree was another new toy. I decided to put catnip in the Christmas tree.
1	Since it is Christmastime, we bought our cats some new toys. Later, we set up our tree. The cats loved their new toys. They must have thought the tree was another new toy. The cats tore through the tree.
0	Jim worked at a sheet factory. He was the best employee there. He asked his boss for a raise. His boss said no. Jim thanked his boss for doing such a wonderful job.
1	Jim worked at a sheet factory. He was the best employee there. He asked his boss for a raise. His boss said no. Jim quit his job and found a new one the next day.
1	Joey was fourteen. He really wanted to shave. He watched his face every week in the mirror. Finally he began to grow a beard. Joey felt very grown up.
0	Joey was fourteen. He really wanted to shave. He watched his face every week in the mirror. Finally he began to grow a beard. Joey felt childish.
1	Lexi was cutting her toenails. But she didn't clean all of them up when she finished. While walking to her kitchen later, she stepped on one. And she couldn't believe how careless she was. She had to ask a doctor to take the toenail out of her foot.
0	Lexi was cutting her toenails. But she didn't clean all of them up when she finished. While walking to her kitchen later, she stepped on one. And she couldn't believe how careless she was. Lexi petted the cat and apologized for stepping on it.
1	The astronaut sat strapped into his chair. His face was cold determination, but he was nervous. He remembered his training and focused on the mission. The rocket booster began to ignite, this was it. The astronaut felt a surge of excitement.
0	The astronaut sat strapped into his chair. His face was cold determination, but he was nervous. He remembered his training and focused on the mission. The rocket booster began to ignite, this was it. The astronaut ate a donut.
1	The other day I decided I needed to research javascript classes. Sitting down at the computer I began my search on google. It was not long at all before I had results in front of me to help. The chosen result led me to an info page for online classes. I was glad I found exactly what I was looking for.
0	The other day I decided I needed to research javascript classes. Sitting down at the computer I began my search on google. It was not long at all before I had results in front of me to help. The chosen result led me to an info page for online classes. I had just graduated with a degree in computer science.
1	Scott loves rock climbing. He competes against himself. He sets personal goals and tries to beat them. Last week he set a personal best. He went out to dinner with his best friend to celebrate.
0	Scott loves rock climbing. He competes against himself. He sets personal goals and tries to beat them. Last week he set a personal best. He was angry he had done so poorly.
1	Allen wanted to chop down the tree in his front yard. He used an axe but it was not quite sharp enough. He found his chainsaw but it ran out of gas. He kicked the tree with his foot, yelling and screaming. Allen gave up on the idea of chopping down that tree.
0	Allen wanted to chop down the tree in his front yard. He used an axe but it was not quite sharp enough. He found his chainsaw but it ran out of gas. He kicked the tree with his foot, yelling and screaming. Allen started to feel excited.
1	James wanted to look cool. He decided to get a mohawk. He shaved his head himself. His mom said he looked dumb. James was sad with his mother's comments.
0	James wanted to look cool. He decided to get a mohawk. He shaved his head himself. His mom said he looked dumb. James was happy with his mom's comment.
0	Kelly was excited to watch food network star. She absolutely loved that show. Every time she watched it she felt inspired. She felt like she wanted to join one day. She decided to try and win The Amazing Race.
1	Kelly was excited to watch food network star. She absolutely loved that show. Every time she watched it she felt inspired. She felt like she wanted to join one day. She wrote the Food Network to see if she could go on the show.
1	Amy woke up feeling lousy from a cold. She decided to go to school in spite of the illness. Her classmates all remarked that she looked horrible. Amy could barely drag herself from class to class. She decided to take the rest of the day off.
0	Amy woke up feeling lousy from a cold. She decided to go to school in spite of the illness. Her classmates all remarked that she looked horrible. Amy could barely drag herself from class to class. She excitedly ran to her next class.
0	Todd was an aspiring artist looking for a new studio. He scoured the internet but came up empty. Then he called a realtor who found him one. She took him there. Todd decided to live outdoors instead.
1	Todd was an aspiring artist looking for a new studio. He scoured the internet but came up empty. Then he called a realtor who found him one. She took him there. Todd loved the place on first sight.
0	Daniel likes to write for fun. He writes every night after work. He submitted his story to a publisher. The publisher loved it and offered Daniel a job. Daniel turned the publisher down.
1	Daniel likes to write for fun. He writes every night after work. He submitted his story to a publisher. The publisher loved it and offered Daniel a job. Daniel is thrilled.
0	Jake was in substantial financial debt. He decided to hire a financial adviser for help. The financial adviser gave Jake a budget plan to stick by. Jake followed through on the plan by cutting his expenses. Jake found himself further in debt than ever before.
1	Jake was in substantial financial debt. He decided to hire a financial adviser for help. The financial adviser gave Jake a budget plan to stick by. Jake followed through on the plan by cutting his expenses. Jake pulled himself out of debt.
0	Ron planted a tree in his backyard to shade his house. But it took Years and Years to grow. When Ron was old, the tree was tall and beautiful. And he was proud of himself for taking care of it throughout the Year's Ron decided to cut down the tree.
1	Ron planted a tree in his backyard to shade his house. But it took Years and Years to grow. When Ron was old, the tree was tall and beautiful. And he was proud of himself for taking care of it throughout the Year's Ron's tree would shade others for years to come.
1	My dog was walking stiffly in the cold. So, we took him to the vet. Upon examination, the vet diagnosed him with arthritis. Now my dog takes medication. He has been managing it well.
0	My dog was walking stiffly in the cold. So, we took him to the vet. Upon examination, the vet diagnosed him with arthritis. Now my dog takes medication. We don't need to give him medication.
1	Joy loves to grow roses. She waters her roses every day. One day Joy saw a red rose opening. She was so happy. The rose was perfect.
0	Joy loves to grow roses. She waters her roses every day. One day Joy saw a red rose opening. She was so happy. Joy decided not to grow any more roses.
1	Linda always wanted to learn to ice skate. She asked her mom to sign her up for lesson. She fell over and over again. She kept practicing every day. Linda was determined.
0	Linda always wanted to learn to ice skate. She asked her mom to sign her up for lesson. She fell over and over again. She kept practicing every day. Linda gave up easily.
1	Ethan was moving into an apartment downtown. He really didn't consider the changes he'd make going from a house. So it really hit hard when he set up his drum set. Within ten minutes he had five noise complaints. He soon had to find a house to move to.
0	Ethan was moving into an apartment downtown. He really didn't consider the changes he'd make going from a house. So it really hit hard when he set up his drum set. Within ten minutes he had five noise complaints. He was happy people liked his drum playing.
0	A man turned away from his dinner to answer the telephone. When he turned back, his dinner was gone. He looked around, and saw his dog quietly sneaking out of the room. The dog chanced a glance back at the man. The dog gave birth to a litter of puppies.
1	A man turned away from his dinner to answer the telephone. When he turned back, his dinner was gone. He looked around, and saw his dog quietly sneaking out of the room. The dog chanced a glance back at the man. The dog had gravy on his face from the mans dinner.
0	Meghan liked to eat subs at her desk at work. On Tuesday, she purchased a very juicy sub. She munched on it very loudly. In the middle of eating, she spilled the sauce on her shirt. She wiped the ice cream off and looked up, sheepishly.
1	Meghan liked to eat subs at her desk at work. On Tuesday, she purchased a very juicy sub. She munched on it very loudly. In the middle of eating, she spilled the sauce on her shirt. When she was done eating, she went to the restroom to clean up.
1	There was a boy in Gina's 6th grade class named Dave. It was the first week of school, but Gina knew she didn't like him. He would sit as his desk and giggle goofily. The sound of his goofy giggle made Gina's skin crawl. Gina did not like Dave.
0	There was a boy in Gina's 6th grade class named Dave. It was the first week of school, but Gina knew she didn't like him. He would sit as his desk and giggle goofily. The sound of his goofy giggle made Gina's skin crawl. Gina decided to date Dave.
0	Aya wanted to paint a picture. She bought canvas and paints. Then she sat down by a window for inspiration. She began to paint an image of the landscape. Aya put the finishing strokes on a picture of a skyscraper.
1	Aya wanted to paint a picture. She bought canvas and paints. Then she sat down by a window for inspiration. She began to paint an image of the landscape. Aya became famous for her landscape pictures.
0	Tyler wanted a new computer. However, none of the computers available to buy fit his desires. So, he decided to build one himself. He ordered all the parts and got to work. Tyler was a dog.
1	Tyler wanted a new computer. However, none of the computers available to buy fit his desires. So, he decided to build one himself. He ordered all the parts and got to work. Tyler was computer literate.
0	Alex needed to go to work. She looked at the bus schedule. She saw that there was a bus in five minutes. She walked to the bus stop. Alex slept on the bus stop bench for the rest of the day.
1	Alex needed to go to work. She looked at the bus schedule. She saw that there was a bus in five minutes. She walked to the bus stop. The bus arrived on time and Alex got to work.
1	Tim didn't like school very much. His teacher told him he had a test on Friday. If he didn't pass this test, he could not go on the class trip. Tim decided to play with his kites instead of study for the test. Tim was unprepared and failed the test.
0	Tim didn't like school very much. His teacher told him he had a test on Friday. If he didn't pass this test, he could not go on the class trip. Tim decided to play with his kites instead of study for the test. Tim aced the test and passed with flying colors.
1	I used to drink soda all day. I started to get utis. Utis are painful. i had to find a way to make them stop. I cut down on soda until I didn't drink it anymore.
0	I used to drink soda all day. I started to get utis. Utis are painful. i had to find a way to make them stop. I drank more soda to see whether that would help.
0	My girlfriend is easily scared. I love watching horror movies. I convinced her to watch one with me. She yelled at one scene and spilled her soda everywhere. Now we watch horror movies together every day.
1	My girlfriend is easily scared. I love watching horror movies. I convinced her to watch one with me. She yelled at one scene and spilled her soda everywhere. I watched the rest of the movie by myself.
1	When Stanley was driving, there was a car on the adjacent lane. When both cars made a turn, his car remained on the right lane. However, the other car ended up colliding with him. The cars were hit from the front part. Stanley was very upset.
0	When Stanley was driving, there was a car on the adjacent lane. When both cars made a turn, his car remained on the right lane. However, the other car ended up colliding with him. The cars were hit from the front part. Stanley felt grateful.
0	Drake loved Chipotle. After the e coli outbreak he stopped eating there. However he craved their delicious chicken. Drake found a copycat recipe and gave it a try. Drake was a vegetarian.
1	Drake loved Chipotle. After the e coli outbreak he stopped eating there. However he craved their delicious chicken. Drake found a copycat recipe and gave it a try. It was yummy!
1	Becca started taking painting classes. She became adept at portraiture quickly. She had a natural talent for painting people's faces. She painted every member of her family. They were all impressed.
0	Becca started taking painting classes. She became adept at portraiture quickly. She had a natural talent for painting people's faces. She painted every member of her family. They were all ashamed of her actions.
0	Amy decided to make curtains for her living room. She sewed for hours to complete the job. When she was finished she hung the curtains. The seams were off, and the hem was lopsided. Amy made curtains for the rest of the rooms in her house.
1	Amy decided to make curtains for her living room. She sewed for hours to complete the job. When she was finished she hung the curtains. The seams were off, and the hem was lopsided. Amy decided to hire a professional.
1	Rachel loved to play on her piano. One day she was paid to play at a romantic event. She lit candles and put them on her piano. The candles started to burn low. She caught them before they burned her piano.
0	Rachel loved to play on her piano. One day she was paid to play at a romantic event. She lit candles and put them on her piano. The candles started to burn low. She decided not to do anything.
0	Lisa was at the beach. And she saw someone flying a kite. It looked like a lot of fun. So Lisa bought a kite of her own. Lisa blames her mother for choosing such a windy day.
1	Lisa was at the beach. And she saw someone flying a kite. It looked like a lot of fun. So Lisa bought a kite of her own. Lisa broke her kite when a seagull got tangled in the  line.
1	Nell saw a girl with a cast on her arm at the park. Nell's mom watched as her daughter made a new friend. Later, Nell brought the girl over to show her mom something. Nell had smeared dandelions on the cast to paint it yellow. Nell's mom thought it was very nice.
0	Nell saw a girl with a cast on her arm at the park. Nell's mom watched as her daughter made a new friend. Later, Nell brought the girl over to show her mom something. Nell had smeared dandelions on the cast to paint it yellow. Nell's mom smeared more dandelions on it.
1	Larry had a big crush on his teacher. He knew it was pointless but constantly found himself staring. One day she caught him. He was really embarrassed. He vowed to stop staring.
0	Larry had a big crush on his teacher. He knew it was pointless but constantly found himself staring. One day she caught him. He was really embarrassed. Larry hated his teacher.
0	When I woke up in the morning, I went downstairs. I smelled the smoke coming from the turkey. I also smelled ham, macaroni and cheese and lasagna. My mom finished cooked everyone and asked me to sit down. I turned around and went back to bed.
1	When I woke up in the morning, I went downstairs. I smelled the smoke coming from the turkey. I also smelled ham, macaroni and cheese and lasagna. My mom finished cooked everyone and asked me to sit down. I sat down and continued to enjoy the smells from the kitchen.
0	Barry preferred classical music to modern music. His husband preferred rock music. The two could not agree on what to play during dinner. They decided to flip a coin. They decided to go swimming.
1	Barry preferred classical music to modern music. His husband preferred rock music. The two could not agree on what to play during dinner. They decided to flip a coin. Barry won the coin toss.
1	Joe woke up one day and looked in the mirror. He noticed he had really put on some extra weight. Joe sighed, and forced himself to step on the scale. He noticed he had gained nearly 40 pounds the past year. Joe decided to go on a diet.
0	Joe woke up one day and looked in the mirror. He noticed he had really put on some extra weight. Joe sighed, and forced himself to step on the scale. He noticed he had gained nearly 40 pounds the past year. Joe ate a whole pizza.
0	I was walking around at a mall. There was a young lady walking in front of me. All the sudden, she fainted to the floor. I knelt beside her, and stayed with her until she came to. The lady was very upset that I was bothering her.
1	I was walking around at a mall. There was a young lady walking in front of me. All the sudden, she fainted to the floor. I knelt beside her, and stayed with her until she came to. She asked me to call an ambulance.
0	Ted wished for a drum set for Christmas. He wrote a letter to Santa to ask for the drums he wanted. Ted behaved really well to ensure he'd get his wish. Christmas Eve came and he was worried Santa may not come. Ted was happy when he found the money the tooth fairy left him.
1	Ted wished for a drum set for Christmas. He wrote a letter to Santa to ask for the drums he wanted. Ted behaved really well to ensure he'd get his wish. Christmas Eve came and he was worried Santa may not come. Ted was relieved when Santa brought him exactly what he wanted.
1	Yesterday there was record snowfall. Four feet of snow came on the ground. Kelly hoped for a snow day. Thankfully the school was canceled. Kelly jumped for joy.
0	Yesterday there was record snowfall. Four feet of snow came on the ground. Kelly hoped for a snow day. Thankfully the school was canceled. Kelly was disappointed that school was closed.
1	John wanted to be on the track team for his high school. He wanted to run the dashes but wasn't a fast starter. He could run for hours at a steady pace but just not very fast. His coach recommended that he runs the mile instead of sprints. John made the track team and won.
0	John wanted to be on the track team for his high school. He wanted to run the dashes but wasn't a fast starter. He could run for hours at a steady pace but just not very fast. His coach recommended that he runs the mile instead of sprints. John dug up the field with his grandfather's  tractor.
1	Jo couldn't take his ratty apartment anymore. He looked at housing ads and went on several apartment tours. Jo finally found one he liked and could afford. Jo packed up his stuff and moved into his new apartment. Jo enjoyed time at home much more after his move.
0	Jo couldn't take his ratty apartment anymore. He looked at housing ads and went on several apartment tours. Jo finally found one he liked and could afford. Jo packed up his stuff and moved into his new apartment. Jo looked all over his new apartment, but couldn't find any axes.
0	I called Carly to ask her on a date. I got her voicemail. I texted her that we should talk soon. She texted me back, asking why we should talk soon. I told her I hated her.
1	I called Carly to ask her on a date. I got her voicemail. I texted her that we should talk soon. She texted me back, asking why we should talk soon. I told her I liked her.
1	Jason loved his old shoes. He was wearing them when the sole fell off. He tried to glue them back on. What a mess he made. He had to buy new ones.
0	Jason loved his old shoes. He was wearing them when the sole fell off. He tried to glue them back on. What a mess he made. He went running.
0	Cindy was reading a story about a dog. But she never liked dogs. As she kept reading, however, she became attached to the dog. In the end of the story, the dog died. Cindy laughed when she finished the book.
1	Cindy was reading a story about a dog. But she never liked dogs. As she kept reading, however, she became attached to the dog. In the end of the story, the dog died. Cindy cried at the end of the story.
0	Greg hated taking the trash out. He decided not to do it. The trashcan was overflowing in just a few days. Finally, his father put the trash on his bed. He lay down on the bed and went to sleep.
1	Greg hated taking the trash out. He decided not to do it. The trashcan was overflowing in just a few days. Finally, his father put the trash on his bed. After taking out the trash his bed still smelled.
0	Ann woke up in the middle of the night. She was thirsty and wanted a drink of water. She tiptoed into the kitchen and got a drink. But then she accidentally dropped the glass, which shattered! Ann decided to start dancing.
1	Ann woke up in the middle of the night. She was thirsty and wanted a drink of water. She tiptoed into the kitchen and got a drink. But then she accidentally dropped the glass, which shattered! Ann quickly cleaned up the broken glass and threw it away.
1	Jane was going to a Halloween party. She decided to go as a witch. She drove to work in the rain. She she stepped out of the car, she was splashed by another car. Jane was starting to feel she had witch's curse reversal powers.
0	Jane was going to a Halloween party. She decided to go as a witch. She drove to work in the rain. She she stepped out of the car, she was splashed by another car. Being splashed, put Jane in a great mood.
1	Eileen was the new kid in school. She did not have many friends because she was shy. One day at lunch, a girl invited her to sit at her table. Eileen decided that she would. Eileen and the girl became friends.
0	Eileen was the new kid in school. She did not have many friends because she was shy. One day at lunch, a girl invited her to sit at her table. Eileen decided that she would. Eileen likes to eat meat.
0	I went to the store hoping to buy some chips. But I couldn't decide what I wanted there were so many to choose from! Do I get potato chips, doritos, fritos, maybe pretzels? Finally, I knew what I wanted. I didn't want any chips after all.
1	I went to the store hoping to buy some chips. But I couldn't decide what I wanted there were so many to choose from! Do I get potato chips, doritos, fritos, maybe pretzels? Finally, I knew what I wanted. I wanted the pretzels.
0	Aya wanted to be a chef. She decided to test her skills. She cooked her family a huge dinner. Then she asked them if they had enjoyed it. Aya left the room before anybody could speak.
1	Aya wanted to be a chef. She decided to test her skills. She cooked her family a huge dinner. Then she asked them if they had enjoyed it. They all told her that they enjoyed it very much.
0	Nick was at a baseball game during the evening. He stepped up to the plate so that he could bat. The pitcher threw a fastball at him. Nick saw the ball and hit it for a home run. Nick decided to quit baseball.
1	Nick was at a baseball game during the evening. He stepped up to the plate so that he could bat. The pitcher threw a fastball at him. Nick saw the ball and hit it for a home run. Nick ran the bases with a big smile on his face.
0	Johnny is excited to have a big party this weekend in his backyard. He decides to grill food for his guests in case they are hungry. Johnny grills chicken thighs that he has brushed with oil. His guests are very happy with the grilled chicken. They remarked how tasty the sausage was.
1	Johnny is excited to have a big party this weekend in his backyard. He decides to grill food for his guests in case they are hungry. Johnny grills chicken thighs that he has brushed with oil. His guests are very happy with the grilled chicken. They remarked how tasty the chicken was.
0	Kaylie and Martin had finally set their wedding date. Kaylie was eagerly awaiting the big day. The day of the wedding, Martin was nowhere to be found. Kaylie, her family and friends were devastated. Kaylie decided Martin must really love her.
1	Kaylie and Martin had finally set their wedding date. Kaylie was eagerly awaiting the big day. The day of the wedding, Martin was nowhere to be found. Kaylie, her family and friends were devastated. Kaylie decided Martin was not faithful.
1	Mom got dressed up and Dad met her at the door. They went out for a date tonight. The fancy restaurant was perfect. Their meal was delicious. They both agreed it was a wonderful date.
0	Mom got dressed up and Dad met her at the door. They went out for a date tonight. The fancy restaurant was perfect. Their meal was delicious. They decided to never visit that restaurant again.
0	Lucy went to the local sports parade. At the parade there were several different groups selling snacks. Feeling hungry, Lucy purchased a candy apple for $3. Clumsily, Lucy ended up dropping her candy apple. She ate the candy apple.
1	Lucy went to the local sports parade. At the parade there were several different groups selling snacks. Feeling hungry, Lucy purchased a candy apple for $3. Clumsily, Lucy ended up dropping her candy apple. She then had to purchase another candy apple.
0	Ella wanted to be a comedian. One night her local comedy club had an amateur night. Ella decided to try it out. She went onstage and told her jokes. The audience sobbed at the sad songs Ella sang.
1	Ella wanted to be a comedian. One night her local comedy club had an amateur night. Ella decided to try it out. She went onstage and told her jokes. The audience's laughter told Ella she should pursue her dream.
1	Archibald notices that his skin is red and inflamed. He goes to his doctor and learns that he has a rash. He applies ointment every day to soothe the rash. Eventually the rash begins to go away. Finally the rash disappears completely.
0	Archibald notices that his skin is red and inflamed. He goes to his doctor and learns that he has a rash. He applies ointment every day to soothe the rash. Eventually the rash begins to go away. The doctor tells Archibald to lose weight.
0	Kelly really wanted a tattoo. She begged her parents but they said no. As a result, she went and got one anyway. When she got home, her parents found out. Kelly's parents raised her allowance.
1	Kelly really wanted a tattoo. She begged her parents but they said no. As a result, she went and got one anyway. When she got home, her parents found out. Kelly was grounded for a week.
1	Sarah is a ballet teacher. She teaches a class of small children. She wanted to teach the children to dance for a pageant. It was a lot of work, but all the children were happy to do it. Sarah was proud of her children.
0	Sarah is a ballet teacher. She teaches a class of small children. She wanted to teach the children to dance for a pageant. It was a lot of work, but all the children were happy to do it. Sarah found teaching children very boring.
0	Blake loved to go hiking. He would always take his favorite boots when he went hiking. One day, Blake went on a really rough hike. He stepped through jagged rocks and rugged terrain. Blake took off his boots and continued bare foot.
1	Blake loved to go hiking. He would always take his favorite boots when he went hiking. One day, Blake went on a really rough hike. He stepped through jagged rocks and rugged terrain. Blake felt lucky to have such good boots.
0	Terry's daughter was in extreme pain in her mouth. After an evaluation, Terry realized that her daughter was teething. Once Terry realized she was teething, Terry administered medication. After the medication, Terry placed teething gel on the baby's teeth. Terry left the house for Alaska.
1	Terry's daughter was in extreme pain in her mouth. After an evaluation, Terry realized that her daughter was teething. Once Terry realized she was teething, Terry administered medication. After the medication, Terry placed teething gel on the baby's teeth. Terry got the baby to calm down.
0	Christian wanted to eat something quick before school. He went into the kitchen and poured some cereal. When he was pouring the milk, he spilled it all over the table. Christian got mad because he had to clean all of it up. Christian spent the rest of the day in a great mood.
1	Christian wanted to eat something quick before school. He went into the kitchen and poured some cereal. When he was pouring the milk, he spilled it all over the table. Christian got mad because he had to clean all of it up. Christian was worried he was going to be late for school.
0	I was really sick last week. Work didn't want to give me any days off. I got home one day and noticed my girlfriend was there. She made me soup and brought me medicine. I told my girlfriend to leave me alone.
1	I was really sick last week. Work didn't want to give me any days off. I got home one day and noticed my girlfriend was there. She made me soup and brought me medicine. I started to feel better.
0	Kevin had recently fallen ill and was hospitalized. He stayed a few weeks in the hospital before he got better. When he got home he received a bill for $100,000. Kevin did not have any health insurance. Kevin call his insurance company about the bill.
1	Kevin had recently fallen ill and was hospitalized. He stayed a few weeks in the hospital before he got better. When he got home he received a bill for $100,000. Kevin did not have any health insurance. Kevin declared bankruptcy,
0	Anna was undergoing chemotherapy. Her hair thinned and then fell out. Her mom bought her a bright bandana. Anna loved it and wore it everywhere. Anna gave the bandana away to a thrift store.
1	Anna was undergoing chemotherapy. Her hair thinned and then fell out. Her mom bought her a bright bandana. Anna loved it and wore it everywhere. Anna regained her confidence by wearing her bandana.
0	Lane wanted a puppy. He didn't know where to find one. He asked his friend to help him. They both went to a shelter and Lane found a dog. Lane was happy he got a kitten.
1	Lane wanted a puppy. He didn't know where to find one. He asked his friend to help him. They both went to a shelter and Lane found a dog. Lane promptly adopted the puppy.
1	Ray had so much Halloween candy! He didn't know what to do with it all. Then he had a great idea. He donated the candy to a local shelter. All the homeless people were happy to get a treat.
0	Ray had so much Halloween candy! He didn't know what to do with it all. Then he had a great idea. He donated the candy to a local shelter. Ray was very upset that somebody stole all his candy.
0	Last week a group of friends decided to go on a hike. They went to a mountain nearby. They followed a popular trail and set out for the day. The walk was exhausting but worth it. They were ashamed of what they had done.
1	Last week a group of friends decided to go on a hike. They went to a mountain nearby. They followed a popular trail and set out for the day. The walk was exhausting but worth it. They felt good.
1	Morgan and Timothy were having an argument. Morgan thought that all of The Beatles' music was good. Timothy thought their early stuff was not very good. Morgan made her case by simply playing a few songs. Timothy realized Morgan was probably right about the music.
0	Morgan and Timothy were having an argument. Morgan thought that all of The Beatles' music was good. Timothy thought their early stuff was not very good. Morgan made her case by simply playing a few songs. Timothy said he didn't want to hear anymore Rolling Stones music.
0	My Dad tried to buy a car yesterday. He went to the local dealership. He had some ideas in mind. But the dealer kept pushing other options. I own a car.
1	My Dad tried to buy a car yesterday. He went to the local dealership. He had some ideas in mind. But the dealer kept pushing other options. Dad got what he wanted, though.
1	A mariachi band decided to take a road trip. Only the vihuela player had a car. It couldn't fit everyone's instruments. Crestfallen, the band went to a movie instead. Everyone was very disappointed.
0	A mariachi band decided to take a road trip. Only the vihuela player had a car. It couldn't fit everyone's instruments. Crestfallen, the band went to a movie instead. Everyone was very pleased.
1	The lady's at Gina's Grandma's church cooked for them. After the funeral they had the food all set up. Gina had the best fried chicken of her life that day. She also discovered sweet Hawaiian bread. She thanked the lady profusely.
0	The lady's at Gina's Grandma's church cooked for them. After the funeral they had the food all set up. Gina had the best fried chicken of her life that day. She also discovered sweet Hawaiian bread. Gina threw a temper tantrum that they didn't serve steak.
1	Carly is a huge Disney fan. She plans to take her children on a surprise trip to Disney World. She tells her children that she is taking them to see their uncle. Unenthusiastic, the children follow their mother to the car. On the way, she reveals the surprise to her delighted children.
0	Carly is a huge Disney fan. She plans to take her children on a surprise trip to Disney World. She tells her children that she is taking them to see their uncle. Unenthusiastic, the children follow their mother to the car. After a while, the train leaves the station.
1	Lily and Pam were popular girls in school. They invited Joy to a diner after school. Joy was not popular and Lily and Pam knew it. They invited her just to bully her when they got there! Joy had brought a gun and shot both the bullies in the face.
0	Lily and Pam were popular girls in school. They invited Joy to a diner after school. Joy was not popular and Lily and Pam knew it. They invited her just to bully her when they got there! Joy enjoyed spending time with her best friends Lily and Pam.
1	My old job kept asking too much of me. Every wednesday there was a ton of new work. I could never catch up and each week got worse. Eventually I got too far behind and had to quit. I will look for a new job.
0	My old job kept asking too much of me. Every wednesday there was a ton of new work. I could never catch up and each week got worse. Eventually I got too far behind and had to quit. I got a raise at my old job.
0	Gina's CD player was broken. But she had a tape deck. The tape deck was more work than the CD player. If she wanted to hear a song again she had to rewind the tape. Gina used her CD player instead.
1	Gina's CD player was broken. But she had a tape deck. The tape deck was more work than the CD player. If she wanted to hear a song again she had to rewind the tape. Gina bought a new CD player.
0	Frank was practicing bike tricks in his driveway one day. Penny and Bo were walking down the sidewalk, near Frank's house. Frank tried a really hard trick to impress them. He caught his foot in the spokes and flipped over the handlebars. The girls were impressed and asked him to do it again.
1	Frank was practicing bike tricks in his driveway one day. Penny and Bo were walking down the sidewalk, near Frank's house. Frank tried a really hard trick to impress them. He caught his foot in the spokes and flipped over the handlebars. Frank made a fool of himself.
0	Roy got up early and went to the box office. He stood in line for hours to get to the front. He put down a stack of money and asked how many tickets he can get. The cashier gave him 15 tickets. Roy ran away in terror.
1	Roy got up early and went to the box office. He stood in line for hours to get to the front. He put down a stack of money and asked how many tickets he can get. The cashier gave him 15 tickets. Roy went home with the tickets.
1	Derrek wanted to buy a piano. He started working odd jobs to earn money. Derrek kept the extra money he earned in a special bank account. He worked for months to earn enough money. Derrek was finally able to buy the piano.
0	Derrek wanted to buy a piano. He started working odd jobs to earn money. Derrek kept the extra money he earned in a special bank account. He worked for months to earn enough money. Derrek decided not to buy the piano.
0	Mary ate pudding every day. She ate it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. One day she ran out of pudding. She then decided to become a chef. Mary never made pudding as a chef.
1	Mary ate pudding every day. She ate it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. One day she ran out of pudding. She then decided to become a chef. Mary loved sweets.
1	I decided to join a poker tournament. It was a $100 buy in. I played very smart. I was on the last table, head to head. I eventually won.
0	I decided to join a poker tournament. It was a $100 buy in. I played very smart. I was on the last table, head to head. While they dealt the cards I left for Mexico.
0	Zeke was about to go on a date with his girlfriend. But, his parents suddenly pulled into his driveway. They wanted to surprise him by coming to meet him for the weekend. At first, Zeke was sad because he wanted to see his girlfriend. Zeke did not want to see his girlfriend.
1	Zeke was about to go on a date with his girlfriend. But, his parents suddenly pulled into his driveway. They wanted to surprise him by coming to meet him for the weekend. At first, Zeke was sad because he wanted to see his girlfriend. Later she stopped by and they all had dinner together.
0	Roger broke both of his legs. He hated being stuck in a wheelchair. He saw a couple guys outside physical therapy in wheelchairs. They told him all about wheelchair races. Roger signed up to compete in the long jump.
1	Roger broke both of his legs. He hated being stuck in a wheelchair. He saw a couple guys outside physical therapy in wheelchairs. They told him all about wheelchair races. Roger loved racing so much that he accepted his wheelchair.
1	My friends and I were at the park. We had a basketball but were looking for a court. At the end of the park, we found a court. We took out our balls and played for an hour. My friends and I had a lot of fun playing and then went home.
0	My friends and I were at the park. We had a basketball but were looking for a court. At the end of the park, we found a court. We took out our balls and played for an hour. We could not find a good basketball court.
1	Today is Andy's Birthday. Andy wants a chocolate cake for his birthday party. But, Andy's mom forgot to pick up eggs from the grocery store. Andy has to eat salad instead of chocolate cake. Andy was not happy!
0	Today is Andy's Birthday. Andy wants a chocolate cake for his birthday party. But, Andy's mom forgot to pick up eggs from the grocery store. Andy has to eat salad instead of chocolate cake. Andy was still asleep.
0	Howard is a senior. He feels a lot of bittersweet thoughts. He holds a senior party with all of his friends. They all enjoyed it and drank a lot. Howard is thirteen.
1	Howard is a senior. He feels a lot of bittersweet thoughts. He holds a senior party with all of his friends. They all enjoyed it and drank a lot. Howard liked socializing.
1	Chevy rounded up his friends, and was ready to seek revenge. The group went to the house of his enemy, and went looking for him. They beat up many of the man's friends, but the man himself got away. Chevy was injured during the process, but vowed to eventually get him. Chevy chased him down and beat him up eventually.
0	Chevy rounded up his friends, and was ready to seek revenge. The group went to the house of his enemy, and went looking for him. They beat up many of the man's friends, but the man himself got away. Chevy was injured during the process, but vowed to eventually get him. Chevy bought the chap a spot of tea.
1	Bill called a customer service line to complain about his bank. He was put on hold for 30 minutes. During this time Bill got madder and madder. Suddenly the phone clicked and Bill's call was dropped. Bill called the number again and yelled until he was satisfied.
0	Bill called a customer service line to complain about his bank. He was put on hold for 30 minutes. During this time Bill got madder and madder. Suddenly the phone clicked and Bill's call was dropped. Bill woke up the next day with a toothache.
1	Stephanie realized that some money was gone from her drawer. When she brought it up to her manager they investigated. It turned out that one of her coworkers was stealing money. She thought it was a waste because they were tipped so well. The manager fired the stealing employee.
0	Stephanie realized that some money was gone from her drawer. When she brought it up to her manager they investigated. It turned out that one of her coworkers was stealing money. She thought it was a waste because they were tipped so well. Stephanie started stealing from work, too.
1	Jenna needed clothes for school. She took her allowance money and met up with friends at the mall. They walked inside and looked for shops they liked. Jenna and her friends walked through the mall for hours. Jenna's friends loved shopping.
0	Jenna needed clothes for school. She took her allowance money and met up with friends at the mall. They walked inside and looked for shops they liked. Jenna and her friends walked through the mall for hours. Jenna's friends hated shopping.
0	Doug was famished after a hard day's work. He didn't feel like cooking so he decided to dine out. Doug wanted to end the day with a fulfilling meal. He spotted a sign to an all-you-can-eat buffet. Doug kept right on driving.
1	Doug was famished after a hard day's work. He didn't feel like cooking so he decided to dine out. Doug wanted to end the day with a fulfilling meal. He spotted a sign to an all-you-can-eat buffet. Doug decided to try the buffet.
1	Rick was running an obstacle course. The first obstacle was a series of hurdles. Rick fell on the first hurdle. Rick ended the race in last place. Rick felt shame for losing so badly.
0	Rick was running an obstacle course. The first obstacle was a series of hurdles. Rick fell on the first hurdle. Rick ended the race in last place. Rick was proud of doing so well.
1	The dogs romped in the deep snow. The snow was so deep that the smaller dog disappeared in a drift. The bigger dog looked confused and began to dig. The smaller dog ran out from behind the drift. Both dogs happily continued to play in the snow.
0	The dogs romped in the deep snow. The snow was so deep that the smaller dog disappeared in a drift. The bigger dog looked confused and began to dig. The smaller dog ran out from behind the drift. The bigger dog couldn't find the smaller dog.
1	Gina's teacher was upset with her. She had hit a boy who snapped her bra strap. Gina explained that he started the fight. But her teacher didn't care. Her teacher sentenced her to detention.
0	Gina's teacher was upset with her. She had hit a boy who snapped her bra strap. Gina explained that he started the fight. But her teacher didn't care. Her teacher commended her for a job well done.
1	It was Gracie's big day. She was turning 16! Her family threw her a huge party. She ate lots of cake and snuck her parents' wine. Her parents were very upset when they found out.
0	It was Gracie's big day. She was turning 16! Her family threw her a huge party. She ate lots of cake and snuck her parents' wine. Gracie shared the wine with her parents.
0	Noah was working as a waiter. One day he saw that a customer had left his wallet on the chair. Noah decided not to steal the wallet. Instead, he called the customer to come and get it. Noah kept the wallet.
1	Noah was working as a waiter. One day he saw that a customer had left his wallet on the chair. Noah decided not to steal the wallet. Instead, he called the customer to come and get it. The customer thanked Noah.
0	Stuart had three days off work. He wanted to go hunting during that time. Stuart invited his friends to a hunting trip. They all went deer hunting for two days. Stuart and his friends did not go hunting.
1	Stuart had three days off work. He wanted to go hunting during that time. Stuart invited his friends to a hunting trip. They all went deer hunting for two days. After the trip, Stuart felt much better.
0	Jeff wanted to beat his mile run record of 6 minutes. So he practiced running every day. He ate more fruits and vegetables. And he felt much better. Instead of running, Jeff went to the movies.
1	Jeff wanted to beat his mile run record of 6 minutes. So he practiced running every day. He ate more fruits and vegetables. And he felt much better. Jeff beat his old record and was happy.
1	My friend Andrea and I went to the movies last week. We got big buckets of popcorn and saw Magic Mike. The movie was hysterical. People in the theater were laughing and having a great time. We went home and decided that was a favorite movie of ours'.
0	My friend Andrea and I went to the movies last week. We got big buckets of popcorn and saw Magic Mike. The movie was hysterical. People in the theater were laughing and having a great time. We went home disappointed in the movie.
0	Evan was starting high school. He was very nervous. He feared no one would talk to him. But then he found that all the students were very kind to him. Evan decided to quit high school.
1	Evan was starting high school. He was very nervous. He feared no one would talk to him. But then he found that all the students were very kind to him. Evan decided he liked high school.
1	My friend and I couldn't remember the name of an actor. We kept coming up with the wrong name. Eventually we both came up with different answers. We bet on who was right. I won the bet.
0	My friend and I couldn't remember the name of an actor. We kept coming up with the wrong name. Eventually we both came up with different answers. We bet on who was right. Then we laughed hysterically at the joke.
0	Anna and Aidan were playing cards one night. Then Aidan suggested they play board games. Anna thought it'd be boring. She agreed anyway, and she was glad she did. She walked home and mopped the whole say.
1	Anna and Aidan were playing cards one night. Then Aidan suggested they play board games. Anna thought it'd be boring. She agreed anyway, and she was glad she did. She realized she loved board games.
1	Abigail's cat jumped out of her arms and ran down the road. The skittish cat saw a dog and ran up a tree. The cat was stuck and could not get down. Abigail called the fire department, and they came right away. Abigail was relieved to get her kitty out of the tree.
0	Abigail's cat jumped out of her arms and ran down the road. The skittish cat saw a dog and ran up a tree. The cat was stuck and could not get down. Abigail called the fire department, and they came right away. Abigail was disappointed to get her kitty out of the tree.
1	Tim took an arts and crafts class. He was awful at it. He couldn't make paper hats, necklaces, or bracelets. He decided to keep trying. Tim's skills improved over time.
0	Tim took an arts and crafts class. He was awful at it. He couldn't make paper hats, necklaces, or bracelets. He decided to keep trying. Tim quit the class.
1	Ophelia had always known it was important to save money. She decided one day to open up a savings account at her bank. She took some money from her checking account to open up the account. Her banker congratulated her on taking the first step toward saving. Ophelia feels proud of herself.
0	Ophelia had always known it was important to save money. She decided one day to open up a savings account at her bank. She took some money from her checking account to open up the account. Her banker congratulated her on taking the first step toward saving. Ophelia closes both accounts.
1	Amanda dropped her phone in the water. She picked the phone up. She tried to turn the phone on. The phone did not work. Amanda had to get a new phone.
0	Amanda dropped her phone in the water. She picked the phone up. She tried to turn the phone on. The phone did not work. Amanda was glad that her phone was not damaged.
1	Ed was playing baseball in his yard. He swung the bat and hit the ball. Then he flinched. The ball had shattered the neighbor's window! Ed was scared.
0	Ed was playing baseball in his yard. He swung the bat and hit the ball. Then he flinched. The ball had shattered the neighbor's window! Ed was happy.
1	In had been ten Years since Ted was in high school. He was bullied every day by Joel, the all star jock. Ted's life is better now, he really has everything he could want. As he was sitting down for lunch he saw a guy wiping tables. Ted smiled when he saw it was Joe.
0	In had been ten Years since Ted was in high school. He was bullied every day by Joel, the all star jock. Ted's life is better now, he really has everything he could want. As he was sitting down for lunch he saw a guy wiping tables. Ted was happy to see his buddy Bob.
1	Gina was at her uncle's house out of state. Her parents were in the living room playing music. In the kitchen there was a beer can on the counter. She thought about taking a sip. She decided it would be wrong to drink it.
0	Gina was at her uncle's house out of state. Her parents were in the living room playing music. In the kitchen there was a beer can on the counter. She thought about taking a sip. Gina decided she hated vegetables.
0	Margaret had a favorite teddy bear. One day, her dog tore it apart. Margaret was heartbroken. Her mother got to work sewing the bear back up. Margaret wasn't happy the bear survived.
1	Margaret had a favorite teddy bear. One day, her dog tore it apart. Margaret was heartbroken. Her mother got to work sewing the bear back up. Margaret cherished the repaired bear.
0	I promised my wife I would learn to water ski. We went with her family out to the lake. When it was my turn to ski, I was too afraid. I made up a story about my legs hurting. I felt very proud of myself.
1	I promised my wife I would learn to water ski. We went with her family out to the lake. When it was my turn to ski, I was too afraid. I made up a story about my legs hurting. I felt like a true coward.
0	My wife always packs more than she needs. She carries a lot of heavy luggage. I usually have to help her as well. It's hard to carry. She yells at me to leave her alone.
1	My wife always packs more than she needs. She carries a lot of heavy luggage. I usually have to help her as well. It's hard to carry. We manage.
1	Sam was walking home. It began to get dark. Sam got scared. He didn't know what to do. Sam curled into a little ball of fear right there in the street.
0	Sam was walking home. It began to get dark. Sam got scared. He didn't know what to do. Sam danced jubilantly in the darkness.
1	Gina's grandma had made up beds for everyone. Gina's siblings slept with their grandma. There was no room for Gina in that bed. Her parents slept together in her mother twin bed. Gina decided to sleep on the couch alone.
0	Gina's grandma had made up beds for everyone. Gina's siblings slept with their grandma. There was no room for Gina in that bed. Her parents slept together in her mother twin bed. Gina climbed into her grandma's bed, and went to sleep.
0	Last Saturday I decided to volunteer at the nursing home. To my surprise it was very fun. I played some checkers with the folks and read to them. The residents seemed to enjoy my company greatly. I don't like old people.
1	Last Saturday I decided to volunteer at the nursing home. To my surprise it was very fun. I played some checkers with the folks and read to them. The residents seemed to enjoy my company greatly. I plan to go back every week.
1	Mary and Sally decided to go on a vacation together. After looking at a travel website, then decided on a cruise. They went on a cruise to the Bahamas in April. Both girls had a wonderful time on the cruise. They both came back perfectly relaxed.
0	Mary and Sally decided to go on a vacation together. After looking at a travel website, then decided on a cruise. They went on a cruise to the Bahamas in April. Both girls had a wonderful time on the cruise. They both came back mad.
0	Jackson is a painter. He often paints portraits for family members. One day a friend approaches him and asks him to paint his mother. Jackson happily obliges. Jackson stops being friends with him.
1	Jackson is a painter. He often paints portraits for family members. One day a friend approaches him and asks him to paint his mother. Jackson happily obliges. Jackson's friend loves the painting.
1	Jerry and Stacey had been dating for a few months. He knew he loved her but was shy about saying it. He finally mustered up enough courage and told her. She told him she loved him as well. Jerry and Stacey remembered this day for the rest of their lives.
0	Jerry and Stacey had been dating for a few months. He knew he loved her but was shy about saying it. He finally mustered up enough courage and told her. She told him she loved him as well. That was the night Jerry and Stacey broke up.
1	I went to a renaissance fair with my friends. At the fair, there was a petting zoo! We went inside to see the animals. I got to pet so many wonderful animals. I will always cherish that day.
0	I went to a renaissance fair with my friends. At the fair, there was a petting zoo! We went inside to see the animals. I got to pet so many wonderful animals. I decided I hated animals and never returned to the zoo.
1	Jamie was excited to try a new haircut. It turned out worse than expected. He had no way of getting it fixed. He wore a hat for the next week. Jamie was very embarrassed.
0	Jamie was excited to try a new haircut. It turned out worse than expected. He had no way of getting it fixed. He wore a hat for the next week. Jamie was proud.
0	Gina had severe indigestion. She knew this was all her fault. She had eaten way more than she could hold. Now it was coming back up. Gina decided to over eat later.
1	Gina had severe indigestion. She knew this was all her fault. She had eaten way more than she could hold. Now it was coming back up. Gina had to take the day off from school.
1	Gina told her mother she lost her key. It was an accident, but that didn't matter. It was irresponsible of her to lose the house key. Her dad gave her his key, and he would have a new one made. Her mother punished her for losing the key.
0	Gina told her mother she lost her key. It was an accident, but that didn't matter. It was irresponsible of her to lose the house key. Her dad gave her his key, and he would have a new one made. She threw the key her father gave her into the lake.
0	Felicia enrolls at the local university to study accounting. She encounters many challenges, including difficult tests and work. After working very hard on her courses, Felicia earns her degree. She packs up her things to move to her first job in New York City. Felicia expected to lose her job the next day.
1	Felicia enrolls at the local university to study accounting. She encounters many challenges, including difficult tests and work. After working very hard on her courses, Felicia earns her degree. She packs up her things to move to her first job in New York City. Felicia is excited to begin a new life.
0	Avery needed to get to work. She wanted to take the bus or a cab. She found she had no money, credit cards or tokens. She realized that she had no options but to walk. Avery was happy about her financial situation.
1	Avery needed to get to work. She wanted to take the bus or a cab. She found she had no money, credit cards or tokens. She realized that she had no options but to walk. Avery put on her shoes and began her trek.
0	Nate was going to buy a new car. He went to a dealership last week. Nate spent hours there, haggling with several different salespeople. Eventually, he just gave up. Nate decided that haggling at yard sales would be more fun.
1	Nate was going to buy a new car. He went to a dealership last week. Nate spent hours there, haggling with several different salespeople. Eventually, he just gave up. Nate decided to buy a bicycle instead.
1	My wife was pregnant with my son. One day she said it was time to have the baby. I took her to the doctor where they got her ready. She was in labor for several hours with my son. Afterwards I got to meet my son.
0	My wife was pregnant with my son. One day she said it was time to have the baby. I took her to the doctor where they got her ready. She was in labor for several hours with my son. Afterwards I went out for a pizza.
1	Tammy went for lunch at a cafe. There, she bought french fries and a soda. She ate them both happily. She paid a reasonable price for her meal. Tammy was pleased with lunch.
0	Tammy went for lunch at a cafe. There, she bought french fries and a soda. She ate them both happily. She paid a reasonable price for her meal. Tammy wrote a poor review of the cafe on yelp.
0	Joe and his neighbor supported different candidates. They put up yard signs to show their support. It became a bitter war, with new signs added daily. After the election, the neighbors met outside. The candidate they both supported won.
1	Joe and his neighbor supported different candidates. They put up yard signs to show their support. It became a bitter war, with new signs added daily. After the election, the neighbors met outside. They couldn't put aside their differences and stabbed each other.
0	John fell asleep at his desk during class. When he awoke, he was all alone! He ran out into the hall in a panic. His class was waiting for him there. John decided to run for class president.
1	John fell asleep at his desk during class. When he awoke, he was all alone! He ran out into the hall in a panic. His class was waiting for him there. John was embarrassed and vowed to never fall asleep again.
1	Patty was excited about having her friends over. She had been working hard preparing the food. She also had the place looking spotless. All of her friends arrived and were seated at the table. Patty had a great time with her friends.
0	Patty was excited about having her friends over. She had been working hard preparing the food. She also had the place looking spotless. All of her friends arrived and were seated at the table. Patty decided to take everyone out to a restaurant.
0	Erica had a coupon for a dozen doughnuts. Erica decided to take them to work. Erica's coworkers were surprised that she brought doughnuts. The co workers thanked Erica for her kindness. Erica felt bad for what she had done.
1	Erica had a coupon for a dozen doughnuts. Erica decided to take them to work. Erica's coworkers were surprised that she brought doughnuts. The co workers thanked Erica for her kindness. Erica was happy to help her co workers.
1	Maya was afraid that she was too old to have a family. She dreamed of meeting the perfect man and having kids. Finally she joined a dating service to try to meet the right man. She met a great guy who eventually asked her to marry him. Maya said yes.
0	Maya was afraid that she was too old to have a family. She dreamed of meeting the perfect man and having kids. Finally she joined a dating service to try to meet the right man. She met a great guy who eventually asked her to marry him. Maya decided to never get married.
1	Angelina wants to make an apple pie. She has the apples but they need to be peeled. She starts peeling. Finally they are all peeled. Angelina finishes making the apple pie.
0	Angelina wants to make an apple pie. She has the apples but they need to be peeled. She starts peeling. Finally they are all peeled. Angelina is finally ready to make a chocolate cake.
0	Ana was walking home from school one afternoon. She was texting on her phone as she walked. Not paying attention, And walked right into a telephone pole! She split her lip open quite badly. Ana went to get a metal stud piercing for her lip.
1	Ana was walking home from school one afternoon. She was texting on her phone as she walked. Not paying attention, And walked right into a telephone pole! She split her lip open quite badly. Ana also got splinters in her lips!
1	Amy was moving to her new apartment. She took weeks to pack up her things in her apartment. When moving day came her brother said he could no longer help her move. Amy called a moving company to move her things. Amy was pleased with the moving company.
0	Amy was moving to her new apartment. She took weeks to pack up her things in her apartment. When moving day came her brother said he could no longer help her move. Amy called a moving company to move her things. The moving company sold her furniture on eBay.
0	Casey owned a private beach. People always wanted to come lay in the sun there. Casey had a marvelous idea to charge people to enter. He made thousands from tourists willing to pay for access! He sold his private beach due to a lack of profit.
1	Casey owned a private beach. People always wanted to come lay in the sun there. Casey had a marvelous idea to charge people to enter. He made thousands from tourists willing to pay for access! He purchased another private beach.
0	Eric hired a clown to entertain guests for his son's birthday party. The clown arrived 20 minutes late to the party. The clown's stunts were really mundane. The guests were not entertained whatsoever. Eric told all his friends they should hire the clown.
1	Eric hired a clown to entertain guests for his son's birthday party. The clown arrived 20 minutes late to the party. The clown's stunts were really mundane. The guests were not entertained whatsoever. Eric wrote a bad review on the clown online.
1	Kelsey was due to get a new phone. She did a lot of research and selected the perfect one for her. She went to the store and bought it. Unfortunately, she immediately dropped the phone. Kelsey was upset to find that her phone broke.
0	Kelsey was due to get a new phone. She did a lot of research and selected the perfect one for her. She went to the store and bought it. Unfortunately, she immediately dropped the phone. Kelsey didn't care and kept walking.
0	Sally went to the blueberry patch with her basket. Sally walked through the rows of blueberry bushes. She picked blueberries until her basket was full. She ate some of the fresh berries as she picked. Sally hated blueberries.
1	Sally went to the blueberry patch with her basket. Sally walked through the rows of blueberry bushes. She picked blueberries until her basket was full. She ate some of the fresh berries as she picked. Sally loved blueberries.
1	We went on Tower of Terror while at Disney. My wife decided to go on even though she hates rides. She was so nervous the whole time in line. Once we got on the ride the panic started. She was so scared that she screamed during the whole ride.
0	We went on Tower of Terror while at Disney. My wife decided to go on even though she hates rides. She was so nervous the whole time in line. Once we got on the ride the panic started. She was relaxed and laid back while on the ride.
1	Neil took a chartered drive up to Broome, Australia. He used it as a launching point for the Outback. He hired a guide to take him on an Outback tour. Its emptiness and glory silenced him. Neil had a new appreciation for the Outback.
0	Neil took a chartered drive up to Broome, Australia. He used it as a launching point for the Outback. He hired a guide to take him on an Outback tour. Its emptiness and glory silenced him. Neil hated the tour.
1	We moved to Cambridge in 2013. Our cat came to the new place first. She was unfamiliar with the new home. She hid in the kitchen cabinet for hours as we moved. We were finally able to coax the cat out with treats.
0	We moved to Cambridge in 2013. Our cat came to the new place first. She was unfamiliar with the new home. She hid in the kitchen cabinet for hours as we moved. The cat loved wondering the new home.
0	Pat liked to spend time online. He downloaded many files without being careful. One day, his computer stopped working. Pat brought it to a computer technician, who told him he had a virus. The technician installed more viruses on his computer.
1	Pat liked to spend time online. He downloaded many files without being careful. One day, his computer stopped working. Pat brought it to a computer technician, who told him he had a virus. Pat asked the technician to remove the virus.
1	"Bill used to always love going to Cape Cod. He loved being by the ocean. But he also loved all the fresh fish. He would always go to same restaurant. He liked to order the ""Catch of the Day."""
0	Bill used to always love going to Cape Cod. He loved being by the ocean. But he also loved all the fresh fish. He would always go to same restaurant. The chef there was notorious for serving spoiled fish.
0	Alice was pregnant. She went to the doctor's. They scanned her stomach with the ultrasound. Then they told her the sex of her baby. Alice didn't know to give her baby a boy or girl name.
1	"Alice was pregnant. She went to the doctor's. They scanned her stomach with the ultrasound. Then they told her the sex of her baby. She decided on the name ""Pat"" for her new baby."
1	I was on a cruise. We went to Haiti. I did not wear enough sunscreen. I got a horrible sunburn. I swore to always wear sunscreen in the future.
0	I was on a cruise. We went to Haiti. I did not wear enough sunscreen. I got a horrible sunburn. The tanning booth was great.
1	Pat was playing a pick up soccer game. The other boys were playing rougher than he was used to. One boy slide tackled Pat as he was going in for a goal. Pat landed on his wrist and felt a snap. Pat had to go to the hospital.
0	Pat was playing a pick up soccer game. The other boys were playing rougher than he was used to. One boy slide tackled Pat as he was going in for a goal. Pat landed on his wrist and felt a snap. Pat's wrist had never felt better.
0	The awards ceremony began. The manager announced the awards for all of his employees. Everyone believed that Jane would receive the most outstanding award. However, the manager gave the award to Hannah. Jane had never been more proud.
1	The awards ceremony began. The manager announced the awards for all of his employees. Everyone believed that Jane would receive the most outstanding award. However, the manager gave the award to Hannah. Jane was crushed.
1	Joe was at home enjoying an adult beverage. Suddenly a loud crashing sound came from the back yard. Joe rushed out to discover a tree had fallen. He put away the drink. Joe went to inspect the damage.
0	Joe was at home enjoying an adult beverage. Suddenly a loud crashing sound came from the back yard. Joe rushed out to discover a tree had fallen. He put away the drink. Joe took a nap on the tree.
0	It was Christmas morning. Amy was opening her gifts hurriedly, looking for the special one. Then she saw the last box in the corner. She quickly ripped off the wrapping paper. She calmly walked to school in the rain.
1	It was Christmas morning. Amy was opening her gifts hurriedly, looking for the special one. Then she saw the last box in the corner. She quickly ripped off the wrapping paper. It was a the new doll she asked her mother for.
1	Ana's family was all visiting her house for Christmas. Suddenly a snow storm rose up and the weather grew bad. Two feet of snow fell! Ana's family was all snowed in at her house. They had a happy, but cramped holiday.
0	Ana's family was all visiting her house for Christmas. Suddenly a snow storm rose up and the weather grew bad. Two feet of snow fell! Ana's family was all snowed in at her house. Ana walked to work because the weather was so lovely.
0	I had a really good air conditioner. I never cleaned the filter. One day, it stopped working. I got really hot. I put the filter in the drawer with the vacuum cleaner bags.
1	I had a really good air conditioner. I never cleaned the filter. One day, it stopped working. I got really hot. I regretted having not cleaned the filter.
0	Lily was at the nearby mall with friends when she saw Nick Jonas. She was immediately shocked and couldn't believe it. Nick smiled at her and gave her an autograph. Lily was elated. Lily wiped her nose with the autograph.
1	Lily was at the nearby mall with friends when she saw Nick Jonas. She was immediately shocked and couldn't believe it. Nick smiled at her and gave her an autograph. Lily was elated. Lily posted what had happened to all the social media sites.
1	My son has always been very bright. However, he is not very good at doing his homework. Last trimester, he almost failed three of his classes. He had to work very hard to get his grades back up by term's end. But after working hard, he managed to pass.
0	My son has always been very bright. However, he is not very good at doing his homework. Last trimester, he almost failed three of his classes. He had to work very hard to get his grades back up by term's end. He was a great student all the time.
1	I got bullied in school because of my teeth. I cried home to my mom, and she called the dentist. I soon got braces, and kept them for 4 Year's. After I removed them, everyone told me I was beautiful. I was glad that I got braces.
0	I got bullied in school because of my teeth. I cried home to my mom, and she called the dentist. I soon got braces, and kept them for 4 Year's. After I removed them, everyone told me I was beautiful. I realized that I made a huge mistake.
0	Alice was a dog trainer. She never came across a dog she couldn't help. One day, a man brought a dog named Henry to Alice. Henry was very withdrawn due to a bad first owner. Alice had no intentions of helping him.
1	Alice was a dog trainer. She never came across a dog she couldn't help. One day, a man brought a dog named Henry to Alice. Henry was very withdrawn due to a bad first owner. Alice worked with him and he became more obedient.
0	Yasmine was all alone with a migraine. She did not know what to do or how to make the pain go away. She remembered what her mother used to do for her during migraines. She went to the sink and prepared a warm towel. She put the towel in the dirty laundry.
1	Yasmine was all alone with a migraine. She did not know what to do or how to make the pain go away. She remembered what her mother used to do for her during migraines. She went to the sink and prepared a warm towel. She pressed the towel to her forehead.
1	Pam loves music. She especially likes to collect vinyl records. She has over 100 records. Pam is now going to the record store. She was happy to find a rare album she had been looking for.
0	Pam loves music. She especially likes to collect vinyl records. She has over 100 records. Pam is now going to the record store. She gave them her collection of albums for free.
1	Ronald noticed that his kitchen sink was draining very slowly. He couldn't afford to hire a plumber, so he decided to fix it himself. Ronald bought two bottles of drain cleaner at the store. Pouring the drain cleaner into his sink fixed the problem. Ronald was glad he hadn't called the plumber.
0	Ronald noticed that his kitchen sink was draining very slowly. He couldn't afford to hire a plumber, so he decided to fix it himself. Ronald bought two bottles of drain cleaner at the store. Pouring the drain cleaner into his sink fixed the problem. The plumber arrived at Ronald's door.
1	May was training to run a mile in under five minutes. She had trained for months and was pushing her body's limits. She began ignoring her soreness and kept running for days. One day, she felt so sore she couldn't move but kept running. May achieved her goal of running the mile in under five minutes.
0	May was training to run a mile in under five minutes. She had trained for months and was pushing her body's limits. She began ignoring her soreness and kept running for days. One day, she felt so sore she couldn't move but kept running. May became the fastest swimmer in the school.
0	It was my first day at work and I was so nervous. I started sweating as I entered the office. My supervisor noticed that I was tensed and asked me for lunch. We went on a team lunch and I made friends there. I hated everyone.
1	It was my first day at work and I was so nervous. I started sweating as I entered the office. My supervisor noticed that I was tensed and asked me for lunch. We went on a team lunch and I made friends there. I had a great time.
0	Mary had exited the airplane and headed toward the luggage carousel. She knew it would take a little time before she spotted her suitcase. She waited patiently while others picked their luggage off the rack. After no sign of her suitcase she asked a worker. The worker then walked away with Mary's suitcase.
1	Mary had exited the airplane and headed toward the luggage carousel. She knew it would take a little time before she spotted her suitcase. She waited patiently while others picked their luggage off the rack. After no sign of her suitcase she asked a worker. The worker found her suitcase and gave it to her.
0	Mia had taken a long time at the store picking out the perfect gift. She finally approached the register. To her dismay, she found she was five dollars short in cash! After putting the item back, she started walking out of the store. Mia then decided to steal the gift instead.
1	Mia had taken a long time at the store picking out the perfect gift. She finally approached the register. To her dismay, she found she was five dollars short in cash! After putting the item back, she started walking out of the store. Mia was upset she couldn't buy the gift.
1	George was really nervous Mary would turn him down. Still, he decided to ask her if he can take her to dinner. Mary said yes, with a large smile on her face. They got along great, and had a wonderful dinner together. George is excited for his second date with Mary.
0	George was really nervous Mary would turn him down. Still, he decided to ask her if he can take her to dinner. Mary said yes, with a large smile on her face. They got along great, and had a wonderful dinner together. George hates Mary.
1	Leah wanted her driver's license. She studied her road test manual. Then she went to take the test. She concentrated and focused very hard. Leah finally obtained her driver's license.
0	Leah wanted her driver's license. She studied her road test manual. Then she went to take the test. She concentrated and focused very hard. Leah decided she did not want her license anymore.
0	Frank tried out for the wrestling team at school. He did not make the team though. The coaches said that he needed to put on some more muscle. Frank spent the next year in the weight room working hard. Frank didn't try out for the wrestling team the next year.
1	Frank tried out for the wrestling team at school. He did not make the team though. The coaches said that he needed to put on some more muscle. Frank spent the next year in the weight room working hard. The next year, Frank made the team.
0	A friend picked me up from the bus station. We rode in his car for a while to his home. When we were nearing it I asked if I could smoke. He said that I could not but people don't listen anyway. My friend encouraged people to smoke in his car.
1	A friend picked me up from the bus station. We rode in his car for a while to his home. When we were nearing it I asked if I could smoke. He said that I could not but people don't listen anyway. My friend didn't like people smoking in the car.
1	Jim was teaching his son to ride a bike. At first he taught the boy with training wheels. Then he removed the wheels. Jim was so happy he almost cried to see his son peddling. This was Jim's proudest moment as a parent.
0	Jim was teaching his son to ride a bike. At first he taught the boy with training wheels. Then he removed the wheels. Jim was so happy he almost cried to see his son peddling. Jim re-attached the training wheels.
1	Tina really wanted the exclusive Birkin bag. No store in the country had it in stock. Hence she was forced to go and fly to Paris to get it. Thankfully she found one in Paris for a good price. Tina saved enough on the bag to pay for the flight to Paris.
0	Tina really wanted the exclusive Birkin bag. No store in the country had it in stock. Hence she was forced to go and fly to Paris to get it. Thankfully she found one in Paris for a good price. Tina was not going to fly to Paris just to buy a handbag.
0	Ken needed extra money so he got a part time job. His job was washing dishes at a local Wendy's. One day his friend called and invited him to a party. The party was at the same time as his work shift. He got a hole in one in golf.
1	Ken needed extra money so he got a part time job. His job was washing dishes at a local Wendy's. One day his friend called and invited him to a party. The party was at the same time as his work shift. He decided to call in sick.
0	I wanted to hang out with my friend today. She was acting a little suspicious. However, I assumed that she was normal. Eventually she said goodbye to me in a rude manner. She then came over to my house.
1	I wanted to hang out with my friend today. She was acting a little suspicious. However, I assumed that she was normal. Eventually she said goodbye to me in a rude manner. I told her that I will see her later.
1	An elderly female customer asked where infrared heaters were located. She was disappointed that all of our infrared heaters were electrical. She wanted it keep her warm after terrorists destroy the power grid. She thought this meant ISIS was coming to burn down the power poles. The elderly customer was quite amusing.
0	An elderly female customer asked where infrared heaters were located. She was disappointed that all of our infrared heaters were electrical. She wanted it keep her warm after terrorists destroy the power grid. She thought this meant ISIS was coming to burn down the power poles. The old lady asked directions to the nearest Mosque.
0	Nina practiced her bowling every week. Her league had a contest coming up. When the contest day came, she was prepared. She bowled all strikes and spares. This was one of her best rounds of golf.
1	Nina practiced her bowling every week. Her league had a contest coming up. When the contest day came, she was prepared. She bowled all strikes and spares. It was one of her best games.
1	Larry decided to write his girlfriend a love letter. He wanted to let her know how much she meant to him. He started out writing about how they met. In addition, he talked about her character and her positive qualities. He asked her to marry him, and she said yes.
0	Larry decided to write his girlfriend a love letter. He wanted to let her know how much she meant to him. He started out writing about how they met. In addition, he talked about her character and her positive qualities. He ended the letter telling her he was leaving her.
0	Hank began to clean out his closet. He made a pile of wire hangers that he didn't need. Hank thought that he should recycle all the extra wires. He took them to the junkyard and sold them for scrap. Hank got a million dollars.
1	Hank began to clean out his closet. He made a pile of wire hangers that he didn't need. Hank thought that he should recycle all the extra wires. He took them to the junkyard and sold them for scrap. Hank got a few dollars.
1	Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game. He ordered a few tickets. He then invited some of his friends. They all went to the game, and had a good time Dave was glad he went.
0	Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game. He ordered a few tickets. He then invited some of his friends. They all went to the game, and had a good time Dave regretted going.
1	It was suzys first day of summer camp. She was afraid to be away from home for the first time. Thankfully she made some good friends. At the end of the summer she did not want to leave. She vowed to keep in touch with her new friends.
0	It was suzys first day of summer camp. She was afraid to be away from home for the first time. Thankfully she made some good friends. At the end of the summer she did not want to leave. She felt so left out.
1	Anna went to an animal rights protest. She told people about animal rights issues. She asked for donations. A lot of people listened to her and donated money. Anna used the money to help abused animals.
0	Anna went to an animal rights protest. She told people about animal rights issues. She asked for donations. A lot of people listened to her and donated money. Anna was upset that no one else shared her concern.
1	Tina wanted to play a prank on her sister. Tina set her sister's alarm clock 3 hours ahead. The next morning her sister got up 3 hours early. When she realized what had happened she was very mad. Tina's sister vowed to get even.
0	Tina wanted to play a prank on her sister. Tina set her sister's alarm clock 3 hours ahead. The next morning her sister got up 3 hours early. When she realized what had happened she was very mad. Tina's sister wrote her a thank you card.
1	I had saw a bunny On craigslist. I called to go an pick her up. We arrived at the house. I saw my new bunny for the first time. I took my new bunny home and loved it.
0	I had saw a bunny On craigslist. I called to go an pick her up. We arrived at the house. I saw my new bunny for the first time. I decided to take the bunny to a pet store.
1	I'm all set for Valentine's Day. I bought flowers early. I made sure to get fresh chocolates today. I made reservations at a nice restaurant months ago. It should be a very fun night.
0	I'm all set for Valentine's Day. I bought flowers early. I made sure to get fresh chocolates today. I made reservations at a nice restaurant months ago. I think i'll just stay home alone that night.
0	Mark has spent Years without a girlfriend. He tried meeting someone to date without any success. Finally a friend introduces him to Carol, and they arrange a date. Mark and Carol have a nice night out at a restaurant. Mark decides he no longer wants to date.
1	Mark has spent Years without a girlfriend. He tried meeting someone to date without any success. Finally a friend introduces him to Carol, and they arrange a date. Mark and Carol have a nice night out at a restaurant. Mark and Carol arrange a second date.
0	Walter wanted to travel. He decided to plan a trip. After researching, he picked a destination. A week before his trip a hurricane struck. Walter decided to extend the length of his trip.
1	Walter wanted to travel. He decided to plan a trip. After researching, he picked a destination. A week before his trip a hurricane struck. Walter had to cancel his plans.
0	Timothy had an urge to eat sweets. He was looking everywhere for something sweet to eat. He found what he was looking for. It was a gigantic cupcake his mom made. Timothy ordered a veggie burger from the new fast food restaurant.
1	Timothy had an urge to eat sweets. He was looking everywhere for something sweet to eat. He found what he was looking for. It was a gigantic cupcake his mom made. Timothy eat the cupcake in one big bite.
0	Mick went fishing by himself one morning. He sat in his boat thinking calm thoughts. He got no tugs on his line. In fact, he caught nothing at all all day! Mick went home, and ate the fish he caught that day.
1	Mick went fishing by himself one morning. He sat in his boat thinking calm thoughts. He got no tugs on his line. In fact, he caught nothing at all all day! Mick sent home relaxed, but empty-handed.
1	Mark's parents had an announcement. They were going to have a baby. Mark was mad and went to his room. When the baby cam, Mark went up to him. Mark wanted to meet the baby.
0	Mark's parents had an announcement. They were going to have a baby. Mark was mad and went to his room. When the baby cam, Mark went up to him. Mark didn't look at the baby.
0	Every summer my son's grandma plants a beautiful garden. Often times, she will ask for my son's help to pick out flowers. They take a full morning to drive to the store and peruse the choices. In the end, he picks out pretty purple and pink flowers just for her. My son is thoughtless.
1	Every summer my son's grandma plants a beautiful garden. Often times, she will ask for my son's help to pick out flowers. They take a full morning to drive to the store and peruse the choices. In the end, he picks out pretty purple and pink flowers just for her. My son loves his grandma.
0	Rex notices that he has trouble seeing objects that are far away. He decides to have his eyes tested. The eye doctor tells Rex that he needs to start wearing glasses. Rex finds that he loves his new look with glasses. Rwx has to be forced to wear his glasses.
1	Rex notices that he has trouble seeing objects that are far away. He decides to have his eyes tested. The eye doctor tells Rex that he needs to start wearing glasses. Rex finds that he loves his new look with glasses. Rex wears his glasses everyday.
1	John wanted to be a movie star! He bought a wig and sunglasses. His mother recorded him acting in his costume! He was very entertaining! John eventually moved to Hollywood.
0	John wanted to be a movie star! He bought a wig and sunglasses. His mother recorded him acting in his costume! He was very entertaining! John decided to become a sailor.
1	John was afraid to go to school on Monday. He had not completed his science project. John lied to his parents that he was sick. His parents knew that John was lying. His parents made him go to school, and he got an F in science.
0	John was afraid to go to school on Monday. He had not completed his science project. John lied to his parents that he was sick. His parents knew that John was lying. His parents rushed him to the emergency room.
1	Tim had a dentist appointment today. He was going to get his wisdom teeth pulled. His dentist numbed his gums. His wisdom teeth popped out instantly. It was less hassle than he thought it would be.
0	Tim had a dentist appointment today. He was going to get his wisdom teeth pulled. His dentist numbed his gums. His wisdom teeth popped out instantly. He wished pulling the teeth would be more difficult.
1	Ashley was packing all her belongings. She was moving far away to a new city. She was really upset about leaving her friends. However she got on the train with her suitcases anyways. She thought about her friends during the train ride.
0	Ashley was packing all her belongings. She was moving far away to a new city. She was really upset about leaving her friends. However she got on the train with her suitcases anyways. She was glad to leave her friends.
1	The chief received the food from the waiter. He prepared his utensils. After taking the first bite, he immediately threw up. The waiter was fired and kicked out of the restaurant. The waiter had spit into the Chief's food.
0	The chief received the food from the waiter. He prepared his utensils. After taking the first bite, he immediately threw up. The waiter was fired and kicked out of the restaurant. The waiter and the chief decided to have dinner together.
1	Jamaal had an intense craving for a lobster dinner. He checked his wallet and realized he didn't have money for that. Jamal decided he would just try and steal a lobster from the market. He ran straight to the seafood section and put his hands in the tank. One of the lobsters pinched his hand causing him to scream.
0	Jamaal had an intense craving for a lobster dinner. He checked his wallet and realized he didn't have money for that. Jamal decided he would just try and steal a lobster from the market. He ran straight to the seafood section and put his hands in the tank. He scooped up some of the water and took a drink.
0	Two countries were competing for resources and global recognition. The two countries disagreed on some fundamental issues. One country declared war on the other and invaded. The two countries fought for many Year's. The second country joined the first country against a third.
1	Two countries were competing for resources and global recognition. The two countries disagreed on some fundamental issues. One country declared war on the other and invaded. The two countries fought for many Year's. Both countries were ravaged by war.
0	Ava spent her last dollar on a bottle of Coke. She twisted off the top and drank deeply. Then she checked the prize code under cap. Her eyes widened with surprise. Ava threw away the Coke cap.
1	Ava spent her last dollar on a bottle of Coke. She twisted off the top and drank deeply. Then she checked the prize code under cap. Her eyes widened with surprise. Ava was glad to have just won five dollars.
1	Bill was not the most confident driver. It was time for him to take his road test for his license. He had a little trouble backing out of the parking space. After that it went great. Bill received his license that day.
0	Bill was not the most confident driver. It was time for him to take his road test for his license. He had a little trouble backing out of the parking space. After that it went great. Bill never got his license.
0	Bob had very long legs, and Sally was having a hard time keeping up. She was too proud to say anything, but she'd fallen far behind. Bob stopped in mid-sentence when he realized he was talking to air. He looked back and realized what had happened. Bob started running.
1	Bob had very long legs, and Sally was having a hard time keeping up. She was too proud to say anything, but she'd fallen far behind. Bob stopped in mid-sentence when he realized he was talking to air. He looked back and realized what had happened. Bob took shorter steps so it was easier for Sally to keep up.
0	It was the last day to study before my math exam. I studied all day, without focusing on anything else. On the day of the exam, I did well. However, at home, I found a letter. The letter was for a magazine subscription.
1	It was the last day to study before my math exam. I studied all day, without focusing on anything else. On the day of the exam, I did well. However, at home, I found a letter. The letter told me I did not get accepted to college.
0	I loved to play music and need a new sound. I heard a synthesizer and new I needed to buy one. I looked online for a place to buy synths. I went to a local music store. I decided to buy a harp.
1	I loved to play music and need a new sound. I heard a synthesizer and new I needed to buy one. I looked online for a place to buy synths. I went to a local music store. There I found exactly what I was looking for!
1	A man knocked on the front door. He didn't say anything when I answered. He just kept staring. The dog ran out the door. I started to run after the dog.
0	A man knocked on the front door. He didn't say anything when I answered. He just kept staring. The dog ran out the door. I decided to ask the man for lunch.
1	My boyfriend and I were on vacationing on the beach. We went to a beach that was inhabited by wild dogs. One dog, named Rubia, watched our things while we swam. We were so happy, we brought her meat the next day. Rubia then became very nice to us.
0	My boyfriend and I were on vacationing on the beach. We went to a beach that was inhabited by wild dogs. One dog, named Rubia, watched our things while we swam. We were so happy, we brought her meat the next day. Rubia was a very mean dog.
1	I had to attend an orientation at my University. The speaker announced that a raffle will take place today. Everyone had to put their student ID number on a paper. Every paper went inside the raffle, where it was shaken. I won the raffle!
0	I had to attend an orientation at my University. The speaker announced that a raffle will take place today. Everyone had to put their student ID number on a paper. Every paper went inside the raffle, where it was shaken. I lost the raffle and dropped out of school.
1	The 7th grader wore high heels to school. She looked like a colt trying to walk. She ended up falling. She had to go to the nurse. The nurse told her not to wear heels anymore.
0	The 7th grader wore high heels to school. She looked like a colt trying to walk. She ended up falling. She had to go to the nurse. The 7th grader's parents were very pleased.
0	It was Tyrone's big football game. He was the quarterback for the team. Their team got off to an early lead. They were trailing with a minute left on the clock. Tyrone decided to quit.
1	It was Tyrone's big football game. He was the quarterback for the team. Their team got off to an early lead. They were trailing with a minute left on the clock. Tyrone threw a touchdown.
1	Leah went to Germany on a trip. At her first meal she ordered a Coke. She was surprised to find it served at room temperature. She was so used to ice cold Soda. Leah thought it was gross.
0	Leah went to Germany on a trip. At her first meal she ordered a Coke. She was surprised to find it served at room temperature. She was so used to ice cold Soda. Leah was not surprised at all.
1	Tom the missionary visited the Smith's home. Tom attempted to convert the family to a new religion. The family was trying to get rid of him before the storm. They politely declined the missionary's efforts. They sent him on his way and prepared for the storm.
0	Tom the missionary visited the Smith's home. Tom attempted to convert the family to a new religion. The family was trying to get rid of him before the storm. They politely declined the missionary's efforts. They wrote him a large check and thanked him for his help.
0	Emily was a little girl when her father passed away. Her mother raised her all on her own. When Emily was 19 Year's old her mother went on a trip. On the way to her vacation, her mom was in a plane crash. Emily celebrated with a nice dinner.
1	Emily was a little girl when her father passed away. Her mother raised her all on her own. When Emily was 19 Year's old her mother went on a trip. On the way to her vacation, her mom was in a plane crash. Emily was crushed and heart broken.
0	We have two cats at my house. One morning, we could not find the youngest cat anywhere. We called her name and looked all over. Suddenly, she appeared from the heating vent. We were so disappointed!
1	We have two cats at my house. One morning, we could not find the youngest cat anywhere. We called her name and looked all over. Suddenly, she appeared from the heating vent. We were so relieved!
0	Jane wrote an advice column for the local paper. One day she received a curious letter. It was about whether a man's girlfriend would accept his proposal. The details of their relationship were strangely familiar to Jane. Jane converted to Satanism that very day.
1	Jane wrote an advice column for the local paper. One day she received a curious letter. It was about whether a man's girlfriend would accept his proposal. The details of their relationship were strangely familiar to Jane. Jane realized it was her boyfriend and accepted his proposal.
1	My car overdrive light started flashing yesterday. I was worried. I drove the car to a mechanic to get it checked out. He said that the transmission was the issue. I'm glad I know what the problem is now.
0	My car overdrive light started flashing yesterday. I was worried. I drove the car to a mechanic to get it checked out. He said that the transmission was the issue. I still don't know what the problem is.
1	Sally is a writer. She signed up to write a story. There was a very specific set of instructions included. Unfortunately, she did not read the directions. Sally failed in her efforts to complete the assignment.
0	Sally is a writer. She signed up to write a story. There was a very specific set of instructions included. Unfortunately, she did not read the directions. Sally was a total success and she was thrilled.
1	Joe went on vacation. He went to an island that had a large volcano. Joe's friends dared him to climb into the volcano. Joe decided it was something he needed to do. Joe slipped and paid the ultimate price.
0	Joe went on vacation. He went to an island that had a large volcano. Joe's friends dared him to climb into the volcano. Joe decided it was something he needed to do. Joe decided not to climb into the volcano and he didn't want to.
1	Martha loved to watch nature from her porch. She decided to buy a bird feeder. She put bird food into the feeder. She put it up on a tree in her backyard. Martha was sad when no birds made use of it.
0	Martha loved to watch nature from her porch. She decided to buy a bird feeder. She put bird food into the feeder. She put it up on a tree in her backyard. Martha baked an apple pie and put it on the feeder.
0	Jane hated how her frugal dad made them save tinsel from the tree. She let her kids throw away handfuls of the silvery stuff. Then, Jane noticed her kids weren't grateful for their presents. She thought they didn't care how hard she worked to buy them. She decided that she should buy them more presents.
1	Jane hated how her frugal dad made them save tinsel from the tree. She let her kids throw away handfuls of the silvery stuff. Then, Jane noticed her kids weren't grateful for their presents. She thought they didn't care how hard she worked to buy them. So she started making them earn their luxuries.
1	His first time at the opera. He only went after his girlfriend begged. He sat for three hours in sheer boredom. Finally it was over. He learned he didn't like the opera.
0	His first time at the opera. He only went after his girlfriend begged. He sat for three hours in sheer boredom. Finally it was over. He decided he loved the opera.
0	Jays habit of buying expensive beer was catching up to him. He was spending more money on beer than food. He needed to find another source of income to support this habit. A friend recommended he try out Amazon MTurk. Jay bought  luxury car that afternoon with his initial earnings.
1	Jays habit of buying expensive beer was catching up to him. He was spending more money on beer than food. He needed to find another source of income to support this habit. A friend recommended he try out Amazon MTurk. Jay become slightly less poor from Amazon Mturk.
1	When I turned eighteen, I registered to vote. I was so excited to participate in the democratic process. I did research on each and every candidate. When voting day came, I went to the polling station. I was sad when my candidate lost the election.
0	When I turned eighteen, I registered to vote. I was so excited to participate in the democratic process. I did research on each and every candidate. When voting day came, I went to the polling station. I began to sing and dance as I had practiced.
0	Ron only had one air conditioner. And it didn't cool off his entire house. He invested in a powerful fan. And it help blow cool air to his room. Ron had annoyed his parents by refusing to get off the toy car.
1	Ron only had one air conditioner. And it didn't cool off his entire house. He invested in a powerful fan. And it help blow cool air to his room. Now his house can stay cool all summer.
1	Sam bought a new SUV. It was all wheel drive. He figured he would take it off road. He hit a few hard bumps and broke his suspension. Sheepishly, he brought it to the dealership for repair.
0	Sam bought a new SUV. It was all wheel drive. He figured he would take it off road. He hit a few hard bumps and broke his suspension. The SUV drove perfectly from that point forward.
1	Robert wants to propose to his girlfriend Jennifer. His only issue is that the ring she wants is out of his price range. Robert decided to have a garage sale one day to see what he can sell. He ended up getting rid of stuff he didn't want and made lots of money Robert had enough money to then get the ring.
0	Robert wants to propose to his girlfriend Jennifer. His only issue is that the ring she wants is out of his price range. Robert decided to have a garage sale one day to see what he can sell. He ended up getting rid of stuff he didn't want and made lots of money Robert went for a walk.
1	John and Bill signed up to participate in a scavenger hunt. The scavenger hunt was at their school. They went from classroom to classroom to search for clues. John and Bill found all the clues. And they won.
0	John and Bill signed up to participate in a scavenger hunt. The scavenger hunt was at their school. They went from classroom to classroom to search for clues. John and Bill found all the clues. But they weren't interesting in winning.
1	"Ida was delivering her baby daughter. She still hadn't thought of a name! Then a nurse suggested ""Irene"". Ida considered it and decided it was a lovely name. Ida asked her husband what he thought about Irene."
0	"Ida was delivering her baby daughter. She still hadn't thought of a name! Then a nurse suggested ""Irene"". Ida considered it and decided it was a lovely name. Ida told the nurse to stop suggesting ugly names."
0	Ava had a lot of old clothes. She never wore them, but she didn't want to throw them away. Her mom suggested that Ava donate them. Ava took them to the thrift store and donated them there. Ava felt like a bad human being.
1	Ava had a lot of old clothes. She never wore them, but she didn't want to throw them away. Her mom suggested that Ava donate them. Ava took them to the thrift store and donated them there. Ava felt very good about what she had done.
0	I found a stray cat yesterday. I gave it some milk. It came back again today. I was going to give it some milk but didn't. I ate a grilled cheese sandwich.
1	I found a stray cat yesterday. I gave it some milk. It came back again today. I was going to give it some milk but didn't. I had run out of milk.
0	Harry has been stuck at the office working very late tonight. He is hungry but there aren't many stores open. Finally he remembers that the local fried chicken restaurant is open. He eats two delicious pieces of fried chicken. Harry was more hungry.
1	Harry has been stuck at the office working very late tonight. He is hungry but there aren't many stores open. Finally he remembers that the local fried chicken restaurant is open. He eats two delicious pieces of fried chicken. Harry's hunger is satiated.
1	Jimmy's dog had gone missing. Jimmy put up missing posters everywhere around town. A few weeks later, Jimmy received a call on the phone. Someone had found his dog! Jimmy and his dog were soon happily reunited.
0	Jimmy's dog had gone missing. Jimmy put up missing posters everywhere around town. A few weeks later, Jimmy received a call on the phone. Someone had found his dog! Jimmy was afraid he'd never see his beloved cat again.
0	Lauren was nervous about giving a speech for her French final exam. She arrived to class. It was her turn to give her speech. She finished her speech and felt relieved. Lauren was excited about going out to lunch soon.
1	Lauren was nervous about giving a speech for her French final exam. She arrived to class. It was her turn to give her speech. She finished her speech and felt relieved. The teacher was impressed and gave her an A on her exam.
1	Max was determined to reach his goal of making extra money. He asked his family, friend, and co-workers for extra work. He did not mind working harder to reach his goal. He finally found a job on Mturk. He saved enough money from his work to buy a car.
0	Max was determined to reach his goal of making extra money. He asked his family, friend, and co-workers for extra work. He did not mind working harder to reach his goal. He finally found a job on Mturk. He stood on the street corner asking for money.
1	Phillip was the shortest kid in his class. He felt embarrassed sometimes about his height. During the summer, he hit a growth spurt. Phillip ended up growing 6 inches. Phillip became confident.
0	Phillip was the shortest kid in his class. He felt embarrassed sometimes about his height. During the summer, he hit a growth spurt. Phillip ended up growing 6 inches. Phillip was embarrassed.
0	Janice wanted to go to a Seafood place. She made arrangements to go with some friends. When they all went, Janice ordered the lobster. After she ate the lobster she got very ill. Sandra ordered a second plate of lobster.
1	Janice wanted to go to a Seafood place. She made arrangements to go with some friends. When they all went, Janice ordered the lobster. After she ate the lobster she got very ill. Sandra vowed she would never eat lobster again.
1	Shannon went to sunbathe by the pool. She realized she forgot her sunscreen but stayed anyway. She tried to go in the water to help prevent sunburn. She got burned anyway though and went home after a while. The burn hurt her skin a bit.
0	Shannon went to sunbathe by the pool. She realized she forgot her sunscreen but stayed anyway. She tried to go in the water to help prevent sunburn. She got burned anyway though and went home after a while. Shannon felt immune to the sun's rays and didn't care.
0	Jill bought a pickaxe and went down to the mine. John saw her on her way. He told her that women can't work in the mine. So she swung her pickaxe right through his skull. John was then very happy.
1	Jill bought a pickaxe and went down to the mine. John saw her on her way. He told her that women can't work in the mine. So she swung her pickaxe right through his skull. John then fell down and died.
0	Jim really wanted a new smart watch. He started saving his money because the watch was very expensive. One day he walked into work and there was a present on his desk. His boss had bought him a smart watch because of his excellent work. Jim was angry.
1	Jim really wanted a new smart watch. He started saving his money because the watch was very expensive. One day he walked into work and there was a present on his desk. His boss had bought him a smart watch because of his excellent work. Jim was delighted.
0	The defendant proclaimed his innocence as he was arrested. His attorney fought a hard battle, appealing to the jury. The crucial moment was the DNA evidence linking him. The defendant was sentenced to 30 Years in prison. He was so happy, he jumped for joy.
1	The defendant proclaimed his innocence as he was arrested. His attorney fought a hard battle, appealing to the jury. The crucial moment was the DNA evidence linking him. The defendant was sentenced to 30 Years in prison. He wept as the verdict was being read.
0	Joe woke up to a lot of loud noises outside. It sounded very bad, very windy. He turned on the news and saw that there was a tornado warning! The warning said to take cover immediately! Joe yawned and shuffled outside to get the mail.
1	Joe woke up to a lot of loud noises outside. It sounded very bad, very windy. He turned on the news and saw that there was a tornado warning! The warning said to take cover immediately! Joe quickly collected his things and went to the shelter.
0	Vanessa hired a babysitter that liked to snoop. She snooped in makeup drawers. She snooped in jewelry boxes. She snooped in medicine cabinets. Vanessa gave the babysitter a raise.
1	Vanessa hired a babysitter that liked to snoop. She snooped in makeup drawers. She snooped in jewelry boxes. She snooped in medicine cabinets. Vanessa caught her snooping, and fired her.
0	James planted an apple tree in his yard. It grew to about 5 feet in a few Year's. Unfortunately, James had to move away. Year's later he came back to visit his old hometown. James never left his new town.
1	James planted an apple tree in his yard. It grew to about 5 feet in a few Year's. Unfortunately, James had to move away. Year's later he came back to visit his old hometown. The apple tree was still there.
1	Amy liked her neighbor Brian, and hoped he would ask her out. She waited patiently, but he never mentioned a date. Finally one day Brian called and asked Amy to go to dinner. Amy was so happy, and they had a great time. It was the beginning of a great relationship.
0	Amy liked her neighbor Brian, and hoped he would ask her out. She waited patiently, but he never mentioned a date. Finally one day Brian called and asked Amy to go to dinner. Amy was so happy, and they had a great time. She never spoke to Brian again.
1	Sandy was taking a trip to Mexico. Sandy successfully caught the first flight of her trip. However, Sandy missed the second flight for her trip. There were no more flights for the day, so Sandy was stuck. Sandy was sad.
0	Sandy was taking a trip to Mexico. Sandy successfully caught the first flight of her trip. However, Sandy missed the second flight for her trip. There were no more flights for the day, so Sandy was stuck. Sandy was happy.
1	Mary went to the market on Sunday for fruit. She bought bananas but couldn't find any peaches. She decided that she would wait on the peaches until next time. When she went again there were still no peaches. Mary was disappointed.
0	Mary went to the market on Sunday for fruit. She bought bananas but couldn't find any peaches. She decided that she would wait on the peaches until next time. When she went again there were still no peaches. Mary didn't want peaches.
1	The landlord banged on His' door and demanded rent. Gus told the landlord that he didn't have the money. The landlord stormed into the apartment and grabbed Gus's valuables. The landlord took them to his truck and locked it up. Gus tried to get the money so he could get his things back.
0	The landlord banged on His' door and demanded rent. Gus told the landlord that he didn't have the money. The landlord stormed into the apartment and grabbed Gus's valuables. The landlord took them to his truck and locked it up. Gus just laughed at his landlord.
1	Lily went to a nice shop she loved in the city. She loved shopping there but it was very expensive. Thankfully she saw a coat on sale. The coat was sixty percent off. Lily was glad to buy a new coat.
0	Lily went to a nice shop she loved in the city. She loved shopping there but it was very expensive. Thankfully she saw a coat on sale. The coat was sixty percent off. Lily coated the driveway in gravel.
1	William was feeling down after receiving some bad news. William's wife tried to raise his spirits, but was unsuccessful. William's friend asked him to help move a sofa for a wounded veteran. The move turned into a 6 hour visit that raised William's spirits. He went home and happily kissed his wife.
0	William was feeling down after receiving some bad news. William's wife tried to raise his spirits, but was unsuccessful. William's friend asked him to help move a sofa for a wounded veteran. The move turned into a 6 hour visit that raised William's spirits. He went to bed early that night because he was so depressed.
1	Stella had a basketball game tonight. She wanted to skip the game, or sit on the bench. She wasn't really feeling well. But her coach insisted she play. Stella struggled through the basketball game.
0	Stella had a basketball game tonight. She wanted to skip the game, or sit on the bench. She wasn't really feeling well. But her coach insisted she play. Suddenly, she felt better.
1	There was nothing Pollyanna liked better than nuts. Pollyanna was a very clever Cockatoo. When she saw a dish of nuts in the living room, she wanted them. After her owner left, she pried open her cage door with her beak. She proceeded to eat all the nuts in the dish.
0	There was nothing Pollyanna liked better than nuts. Pollyanna was a very clever Cockatoo. When she saw a dish of nuts in the living room, she wanted them. After her owner left, she pried open her cage door with her beak. Then she fell asleep in her cage.
0	A group of friends went to go bowling. They had a really good time. The friends decided to formalize themselves into a team. They brainstormed for a good name. The friends were upset when they discovered Natalie was missing.
1	A group of friends went to go bowling. They had a really good time. The friends decided to formalize themselves into a team. They brainstormed for a good name. They agreed on a name for the team and joined a league.
0	I loved to eat honey with my oatmeal. One day I unexpectedly ran out of honey. I did not want to eat my oatmeal without honey so I went to the store. Alas, they had run out of their honey stock. I was happy.
1	I loved to eat honey with my oatmeal. One day I unexpectedly ran out of honey. I did not want to eat my oatmeal without honey so I went to the store. Alas, they had run out of their honey stock. I felt so defeated.
1	Samantha called me for an interview over the phone. I answered most of her questions with ease. Afterwards, we said our parting remarks. I exhaled heavily when I hung up the phone. Samantha called me the next day and offered me the job.
0	Samantha called me for an interview over the phone. I answered most of her questions with ease. Afterwards, we said our parting remarks. I exhaled heavily when I hung up the phone. Samantha called me the next day to conduct a phone interview.
1	John is afraid to commit to Yohanna. She asked to be married by the fall. John insisted that their finances weren't right. Later that month Yohanna decided to plan a wedding herself. John is getting nervous.
0	John is afraid to commit to Yohanna. She asked to be married by the fall. John insisted that their finances weren't right. Later that month Yohanna decided to plan a wedding herself. John went to find a wedding planner instead.
1	Susan had just moved to California. One morning she woke up to a loud deep rumbling. She felt the earth move underneath her. She had never experienced something like this before. Susan was witnessing her first earthquake.
0	Susan had just moved to California. One morning she woke up to a loud deep rumbling. She felt the earth move underneath her. She had never experienced something like this before. She couldn't believe it was happening to her again.
1	Gina and her siblings were in the house looking out the window. In the yard her dad and his friends were fighting. The fight was violent and scary. Gina shooed the kids away from the windows. The kids were scared.
0	Gina and her siblings were in the house looking out the window. In the yard her dad and his friends were fighting. The fight was violent and scary. Gina shooed the kids away from the windows. Then the entire family broke out into song and dance.
1	Today's lab assignment turned out to be a disaster. Since my teammates were confused, I had to guide them. This includes showing them how to do every procedure. Although we finished after everyone else, I put in a lot of effort. I carried the team.
0	Today's lab assignment turned out to be a disaster. Since my teammates were confused, I had to guide them. This includes showing them how to do every procedure. Although we finished after everyone else, I put in a lot of effort. The team didn't need me that day.
1	Albert wanted to try out for the basketball team at school. He waited on the bench for his turn to play. He played his best as the coach watched and took notes. When he finished the coach told him he made the team. Albert was ecstatic!
0	Albert wanted to try out for the basketball team at school. He waited on the bench for his turn to play. He played his best as the coach watched and took notes. When he finished the coach told him he made the team. Albert was so disappointed.
0	Nick turned 18 on Sunday. His girlfriend Zoe came to his birthday party. Zoe bought him a lottery card for his birthday. He anxiously scratched off the numbers. Nick was mad that his girlfriend did that.
1	Nick turned 18 on Sunday. His girlfriend Zoe came to his birthday party. Zoe bought him a lottery card for his birthday. He anxiously scratched off the numbers. Nick won a thousand dollars.
1	John was at work and began running fever. His back started to hurt. His boss sent him to urgent care. The doctor did a flu test. John had a sever case of flu.
0	John was at work and began running fever. His back started to hurt. His boss sent him to urgent care. The doctor did a flu test. John went home with the pretty nurse.
1	Marie's husband is in the Army. He is away for a tour overseas. Marie walked into her home. Her husband was waiting on the couch. Marie was shocked.
0	Marie's husband is in the Army. He is away for a tour overseas. Marie walked into her home. Her husband was waiting on the couch. Marie was not surprised at all.
1	The morning of the wedding found Diana very nervous. Her bridesmaids helped with her hair and make-up. Her mother helped her put her dress on. Diana and her maids drove off in a limo. They arrived at the wedding and continued the ceremony.
0	The morning of the wedding found Diana very nervous. Her bridesmaids helped with her hair and make-up. Her mother helped her put her dress on. Diana and her maids drove off in a limo. They arrived at a restaurant instead of the wedding.
0	Jane broke Elwood's binoculars. Jane was apologetic. Jane knew the binoculars were too expensive for her to replace. Elwood forgave her. Jane was angry at Elwood.
1	Jane broke Elwood's binoculars. Jane was apologetic. Jane knew the binoculars were too expensive for her to replace. Elwood forgave her. Jane was thankful.
1	Terry's car broke down. He wasn't able to afford a rental. He decided to take the bus. To his surprise it was a pleasant experience. He was glad he still got to work on time.
0	Terry's car broke down. He wasn't able to afford a rental. He decided to take the bus. To his surprise it was a pleasant experience. He went swimming in the pool.
1	Sue got married last Saturday. She almost didn't make it to the wedding. She got stuck in traffic. Luckily a kind policeman saw what was happening. The policeman got Due to the wedding on time.
0	Sue got married last Saturday. She almost didn't make it to the wedding. She got stuck in traffic. Luckily a kind policeman saw what was happening. Sue was arrested.
0	Fred & Fran were a happy couple. It was valentine's day, and Fran was excited. Fred had already planned a special night out. After work, the couple got dressed for their date. Fred told Fran she was ugly.
1	Fred & Fran were a happy couple. It was valentine's day, and Fran was excited. Fred had already planned a special night out. After work, the couple got dressed for their date. Fred told Fran she looked great.
0	Every day a cat would be chased through the street by a dog. One day, I noticed the cat did not run across the street. I went outside to look for the cat and enjoy the sun. I eventually saw the cat walking with the dog. I decided to jet ski for them.
1	Every day a cat would be chased through the street by a dog. One day, I noticed the cat did not run across the street. I went outside to look for the cat and enjoy the sun. I eventually saw the cat walking with the dog. I saw they were both on leashes.
1	Bob was bored in his cubicle. He had been working so hard this past month. He decided to treat himself with something special. He ordered tickets for a weekend snowboarding trip. He was looking forward to getting away.
0	Bob was bored in his cubicle. He had been working so hard this past month. He decided to treat himself with something special. He ordered tickets for a weekend snowboarding trip. He had so much work to do over the weekend.
1	Maria smelled the fresh Autumn air and decided to celebrate. She wanted to make candy apples. She picked up the ingredients at a local market and headed home. She cooked the candy and prepared the apples. She enjoyed the candy apples.
0	Maria smelled the fresh Autumn air and decided to celebrate. She wanted to make candy apples. She picked up the ingredients at a local market and headed home. She cooked the candy and prepared the apples. Mari's apple pie was delicious.
1	Dan and three friends wanted to start an exterminator business. They got a small loan and bought some cheap office space. They had to make a lot of their own equipment. They became very specialized, and so kept a regular clientele. They all made good money.
0	Dan and three friends wanted to start an exterminator business. They got a small loan and bought some cheap office space. They had to make a lot of their own equipment. They became very specialized, and so kept a regular clientele. The next day they closed the business.
0	I love my job more than anything in the world. I work from home as a freelance artist. I work in my sweatpants and get to draw and paint. People pay a lot of money for my art and I am high in demand. If I don't get a better job soon, I'll be bankrupt.
1	I love my job more than anything in the world. I work from home as a freelance artist. I work in my sweatpants and get to draw and paint. People pay a lot of money for my art and I am high in demand. I enjoy it so much, it doesn't even feel like work.
1	I wanted to play sports when I was younger. I tried several different sports. I tried baseball, hockey, and soccer. I quit most of them. I wasn't any good at playing sports.
0	I wanted to play sports when I was younger. I tried several different sports. I tried baseball, hockey, and soccer. I quit most of them. I was very good at every sport I tried.
0	Kathy's dad was rushed to the ER. He was having major pain around his heart. The doctors ran several tests. He was admitted immediately. That night for dinner he had a large steak, and ice cream.
1	Kathy's dad was rushed to the ER. He was having major pain around his heart. The doctors ran several tests. He was admitted immediately. After a surgery the prognosis was positive.
0	Sam wanted to cook a burger. His cast iron skillet was rusted from being left out. Sam scrubbed his skillet with some steel wool. Afterwards, he seasoned the skillet in the oven. Sam had never had better-tasting chicken in his life!
1	Sam wanted to cook a burger. His cast iron skillet was rusted from being left out. Sam scrubbed his skillet with some steel wool. Afterwards, he seasoned the skillet in the oven. After it was completely cooked, the burger was delicious.
1	Cara loved Tamales. She and her grandmother made tamales every year at Christmas. Unfortunately, her grandmother passed away one day. When Christmas came, Cara made the tamales anyway. Cara decided to pass the tradition on.
0	Cara loved Tamales. She and her grandmother made tamales every year at Christmas. Unfortunately, her grandmother passed away one day. When Christmas came, Cara made the tamales anyway. Cara did not want to continue making tamales.
0	I started the grill to cook hamburgers. I took the patties out and laid them on the grill. The patties sizzled as the grill got hotter. Finally I took the patties off and put them on a bun. I decided to order pizza instead.
1	I started the grill to cook hamburgers. I took the patties out and laid them on the grill. The patties sizzled as the grill got hotter. Finally I took the patties off and put them on a bun. The hamburgers I made were delicious.
0	Ben was falling asleep at his desk. He still had two more hours before the end of his shift. He thought about leaving work early. He couldn't afford to lose the extra hours. Ben was very wealthy.
1	Ben was falling asleep at his desk. He still had two more hours before the end of his shift. He thought about leaving work early. He couldn't afford to lose the extra hours. Ben needed the money.
0	Inky wanted to look taller. She'd never worn heels before. She decided to try them and see how they fit. She found a comfortable, attractive pair. Inky was very disappointed.
1	Inky wanted to look taller. She'd never worn heels before. She decided to try them and see how they fit. She found a comfortable, attractive pair. Inky bought the shoes.
1	James notices that he has become increasingly depressed. He feels alone, and does not know who to talk to. Finally his mother recommends that he began seeing a therapist. James begins regularly seeing a therapist and starts to feel better. James decides to become a therapist when he grows up.
0	James notices that he has become increasingly depressed. He feels alone, and does not know who to talk to. Finally his mother recommends that he began seeing a therapist. James begins regularly seeing a therapist and starts to feel better. James considers running away from home.
1	Penny is from a tropical climate. She has never seen snow. For vacation, she decided to go skiing. Penny saw snow for the first time. Penny was amazed.
0	Penny is from a tropical climate. She has never seen snow. For vacation, she decided to go skiing. Penny saw snow for the first time. Penny was used to seeing snow.
1	Paul always does his laundry. He sorts everything by color. He also sorts his socks and underwear. Somehow he always loses socks. He has to go to the store on Sundays for new socks.
0	Paul always does his laundry. He sorts everything by color. He also sorts his socks and underwear. Somehow he always loses socks. Paul stopped wearing socks.
0	Kelsi needed her textbook for chemistry. She ordered it online. She waited everyday for it to come but it never came. Finally she got the book a week later. She dropped her chemistry class.
1	Kelsi needed her textbook for chemistry. She ordered it online. She waited everyday for it to come but it never came. Finally she got the book a week later. She decided to buy books earlier next semester.
0	My sister in law dropped off some baked chicken. The dish looked very appealing. My wife heated the dish up. We ate the chicken but found it to be very bland. We agreed that it was the best meal we had ever eaten.
1	My sister in law dropped off some baked chicken. The dish looked very appealing. My wife heated the dish up. We ate the chicken but found it to be very bland. We laughed about how terrible the chicken was.
0	Last week was the big election. A lot of people got together for election parties. My friends and I were no exception. Our favorite candidate lost by a lot. We laughed and celebrated.
1	Last week was the big election. A lot of people got together for election parties. My friends and I were no exception. Our favorite candidate lost by a lot. We were sad.
1	Jenny is a six year-old girl who reads lots. Jenny's favorite book is Astrid Lindgren's Pippi Longstocking. Jenny wanted to be Pippi for Halloween. She couldn't get her pigtails to stick straight out like Pippi's Her mom was able to help her get it right.
0	Jenny is a six year-old girl who reads lots. Jenny's favorite book is Astrid Lindgren's Pippi Longstocking. Jenny wanted to be Pippi for Halloween. She couldn't get her pigtails to stick straight out like Pippi's She decided she didn't like fish anymore.
1	Ana was at a town festival. She was nervous because the President was coming! When she saw his car approach, she almost fainted. But then he got out and smiled at her. She was a bit stunned with excitement, but she managed to wave.
0	Ana was at a town festival. She was nervous because the President was coming! When she saw his car approach, she almost fainted. But then he got out and smiled at her. She jeered and yelled at him.
0	Peg worked hard canning jam from her garden's fruit. When she finished, Peg admired her rows of jam jars. She decided they looked too pretty to eat. Much later, Peg finally opened one jar of the jam. Peg wasn't interested in tasting it.
1	Peg worked hard canning jam from her garden's fruit. When she finished, Peg admired her rows of jam jars. She decided they looked too pretty to eat. Much later, Peg finally opened one jar of the jam. Peg thought it tasted amazing.
1	Michael would get headaches anytime he would read a book. He enjoyed reading but the pain made it difficult. Someone suggested he get his eyes checked. He was told he needed glass to read by the optometrist. The glasses fixed his headaches immediately.
0	Michael would get headaches anytime he would read a book. He enjoyed reading but the pain made it difficult. Someone suggested he get his eyes checked. He was told he needed glass to read by the optometrist. The optometrist gave him comfortable sneakers.
1	James was in social studies class minding his own business. The teacher looked at everyone and said we are having a pop quiz. James panicked because he hasn't studied. James couldn't answer any of the questions on the quiz. He did his best anyway.
0	James was in social studies class minding his own business. The teacher looked at everyone and said we are having a pop quiz. James panicked because he hasn't studied. James couldn't answer any of the questions on the quiz. He was thrilled as he speed through the quiz.
0	Francis had always wanted to become a history teacher. He studied history very diligently in college. Finally he applied for a job teaching history at a middle school. He worked hard to be the best teacher he could be. He was fired for being a bad teacher.
1	Francis had always wanted to become a history teacher. He studied history very diligently in college. Finally he applied for a job teaching history at a middle school. He worked hard to be the best teacher he could be. He won an award for best teacher his very first year.
1	Daddy is took me fishing today. We woke up early and went out to the boat. The sun was just rising over the horizon. We sat on the water for hours talking and fishing. It was a great day.
0	Daddy is took me fishing today. We woke up early and went out to the boat. The sun was just rising over the horizon. We sat on the water for hours talking and fishing. It was an awful day.
0	Mary made Joe some dinner. She told him to wait for it too cool down before he tasted it. Of course Joe didn't wait. He stuck the spoon in the bowl then to his lips. Joe spat out the cold ice cream.
1	Mary made Joe some dinner. She told him to wait for it too cool down before he tasted it. Of course Joe didn't wait. He stuck the spoon in the bowl then to his lips. It took several days for Joe's lips to heal.
0	Little Lola lost her library book from her school's library. She wasn't allowed to take out another until she returned it. Lila and her mother fruitlessly searched the house from top to bottom. Her mother finally ordered a new copy to replace what they had lost. Lola flew to Europe for a three month vacation.
1	Little Lola lost her library book from her school's library. She wasn't allowed to take out another until she returned it. Lila and her mother fruitlessly searched the house from top to bottom. Her mother finally ordered a new copy to replace what they had lost. Lola promised to be more careful in the future.
0	I was raised in a small town. I always wanted to live in a city. Now I live in New York City. The city is dirty and the property costs are staggering. I feel like I'm living a dream come true, thanks to Chicago!
1	I was raised in a small town. I always wanted to live in a city. Now I live in New York City. The city is dirty and the property costs are staggering. I'm seriously considering moving to someplace smaller and easier.
0	I had to go to the grocery store yesterday. There was almost no food left in the house. I bought several things. Now we have plenty of food. There is no food in my house.
1	I had to go to the grocery store yesterday. There was almost no food left in the house. I bought several things. Now we have plenty of food. I will cook a good dinner tonight.
1	Abe really enjoyed numbers and statistics. He was curious how many guns the population of Stanford owned. He sent out a survey. Abe spent weeks tallying the results. He found the entire exercise very satisfying and interesting.
0	Abe really enjoyed numbers and statistics. He was curious how many guns the population of Stanford owned. He sent out a survey. Abe spent weeks tallying the results. The results were inconclusive and Abe didn't care.
1	I wanted to learn more about submarines. I bought some books about submarines in WWII. The books didn't have much technical detail. I went to a museum with a submarine dissected in it. I learned a lot from the submarine in the museum.
0	I wanted to learn more about submarines. I bought some books about submarines in WWII. The books didn't have much technical detail. I went to a museum with a submarine dissected in it. I soon learned all I could about steam engines.
1	Tara argued with her bosses all the time. She always had differences of opinion with them. One day she was fired for insubordination. Tara eventually found a new job. She argued with her new bosses too.
0	Tara argued with her bosses all the time. She always had differences of opinion with them. One day she was fired for insubordination. Tara eventually found a new job. Tara got a great reference from her old boss.
0	George found a mistake on his cable bill. He called the cable company's customer service number. George was put on hold for a while. Finally, a man answered the phone who could help George. George immediately hung up.
1	George found a mistake on his cable bill. He called the cable company's customer service number. George was put on hold for a while. Finally, a man answered the phone who could help George. George explained what was going on with his bill.
0	Every morning, a bird woke Fred up for work at 6 AM. Fred began to like the bird. And he enjoyed the sound of its singing. One day, the bird no longer sang. He was happy because he hated the bird.
1	Every morning, a bird woke Fred up for work at 6 AM. Fred began to like the bird. And he enjoyed the sound of its singing. One day, the bird no longer sang. He hoped nothing bad had happened to the bird.
0	Eli Young loved Elvis Presley. He would sing and dance like him in the mirror. When he turned eighteen he moved to Las Vegas. He decided to work the strip as an impersonator. Eli loved rap music.
1	Eli Young loved Elvis Presley. He would sing and dance like him in the mirror. When he turned eighteen he moved to Las Vegas. He decided to work the strip as an impersonator. Eli loved his career.
0	Jackson was going on a trip. He was going camping in Utah. He drove out to a campground and set up a tent. He spent the trip relaxing and enjoying the outdoors. Jackson felt terrible after the trip.
1	Jackson was going on a trip. He was going camping in Utah. He drove out to a campground and set up a tent. He spent the trip relaxing and enjoying the outdoors. After the trip, Jackson felt rejuvenated.
0	Icy had never roller skated in her life. She bought a pair of skates and tied them on nervously. She practiced skating outside, very slowly. She picked up speed as she gained confidence. Icy decided to never skate again.
1	Icy had never roller skated in her life. She bought a pair of skates and tied them on nervously. She practiced skating outside, very slowly. She picked up speed as she gained confidence. Icy felt she could skate.
1	Gina wanted to read her book as they drove on the highway. But the backseat was too dark. She tried to use her phone as a light. But that just drained the battery, and gave her wrist a cramp. Her father laughed and turned on an overhead light for her.
0	Gina wanted to read her book as they drove on the highway. But the backseat was too dark. She tried to use her phone as a light. But that just drained the battery, and gave her wrist a cramp. Since the battery was dead, she threw it away.
1	Joe and his friends were throwing rock at windows. The windows were part of an abandoned building. The police caught joe and his friends. Joe felt sorry for his poor judgement. Joe never threw rocks again.
0	Joe and his friends were throwing rock at windows. The windows were part of an abandoned building. The police caught joe and his friends. Joe felt sorry for his poor judgement. Joe signed up for another yoga class.
0	Laura told Cindy she would bake her a cake for her birthday. Laura decided to make a chocolate cake. She found a recipe online. She worked all day baking the cake. Laura sold the cake so she could afford new shoes.
1	Laura told Cindy she would bake her a cake for her birthday. Laura decided to make a chocolate cake. She found a recipe online. She worked all day baking the cake. Laura was very proud of the cake she made.
1	Baby Martin was 7 months when he tried a Banana. He was a very curious baby. He loved to eat carrots and sweet peas. One day his dad decides to give him a banana Baby Martin liked the banana.
0	Baby Martin was 7 months when he tried a Banana. He was a very curious baby. He loved to eat carrots and sweet peas. One day his dad decides to give him a banana Baby Martin was sick of bananas.
1	Amanda was on a hike with her husband. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain in her ankle. She realized that a hornet had stung her. Her foot hurt too badly to walk. Her husband called an ambulance.
0	Amanda was on a hike with her husband. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain in her ankle. She realized that a hornet had stung her. Her foot hurt too badly to walk. Amanda walked back to the car.
0	In 2010 we visited our daughter in New York. She was a grad student at CUNY. She and her husband asked where we wanted to go. I picked the Frick House, as we visited there on our honeymoon. But we were bored.
1	In 2010 we visited our daughter in New York. She was a grad student at CUNY. She and her husband asked where we wanted to go. I picked the Frick House, as we visited there on our honeymoon. We had a fun time.
1	Wendy was thinking of a number between one and ten. Her mother guessed three, which was correct. Her father guessed seven. Her little brother Sam guessed ten. Wendy had fun playing this game.
0	Wendy was thinking of a number between one and ten. Her mother guessed three, which was correct. Her father guessed seven. Her little brother Sam guessed ten. Wendy told them the number was actually forty two.
1	Todd collected and raised lovebirds. He had 12 in all. His apartment stank from the animals. Todd didn't mind the smell. The smell reminded him of his love for his birds.
0	Todd collected and raised lovebirds. He had 12 in all. His apartment stank from the animals. Todd didn't mind the smell. He pinched his nose constantly avoid the smell.
0	Greg was at a party. He saw a girl he thought was very attractive. He approached her and tried to flirt. Then her boyfriend showed up and was mad at him. Greg and the girl danced together all night long.
1	Greg was at a party. He saw a girl he thought was very attractive. He approached her and tried to flirt. Then her boyfriend showed up and was mad at him. Greg apologized and moved on to meet other girls at the party.
1	I ran an online bookstore for four Year's. I sold books that had been discarded by my local library. I started buying books to sell. I had an inventory of 3,000 books. My inventory of books contained old, rare copies of classic books.
0	I ran an online bookstore for four Year's. I sold books that had been discarded by my local library. I started buying books to sell. I had an inventory of 3,000 books. I burned all of the books I owned.
0	Dany was a six year old boy who loved to play football. One day Danny was crying because he was lonely. Dany's father was home early from work that day. Dany asked his dad to play football with him. He didn't know how to play football.
1	Dany was a six year old boy who loved to play football. One day Danny was crying because he was lonely. Dany's father was home early from work that day. Dany asked his dad to play football with him. His dad was happy to play with him.
0	Amy decided to eat dinner and watch the TV. Her mother never let her do this. But her mother was asleep tonight. Amy just had to make sure to clean up her mess before going to bed. The next night Amy and her mother ate in front of the TV.
1	Amy decided to eat dinner and watch the TV. Her mother never let her do this. But her mother was asleep tonight. Amy just had to make sure to clean up her mess before going to bed. Luckily her mother never found out.
0	Jo's mother was in prison. Jo went with her grandmother to see her mother at the facility. They sat at a table, ate snacks, and talked. Jo asked her mother when she was coming home. Jo's mother punched her in the face.
1	Jo's mother was in prison. Jo went with her grandmother to see her mother at the facility. They sat at a table, ate snacks, and talked. Jo asked her mother when she was coming home. Her mother said that she didn't know.
1	My son played in a basketball team in elementary school. He tried hard but was not a gifted player. The team played everybody and he had fun. One day he made a basket. The whole teamed cheered for my son.
0	My son played in a basketball team in elementary school. He tried hard but was not a gifted player. The team played everybody and he had fun. One day he made a basket. He left the court in a fit of anger.
1	When Al let his cat out last week there was a squirrel running by. The cat immediately ran after it. It chased it up a tree. Finally it actually caught it and killed it. It then ate it.
0	When Al let his cat out last week there was a squirrel running by. The cat immediately ran after it. It chased it up a tree. Finally it actually caught it and killed it. The squirrel ran free.
1	We visited our daughter and son in law in NYC in 2013. They took us to the Brooklyn Museum. I am disabled so they wheeled me through the exhibits. We looked at an exhibit of John Singer Sargent paintings We saw a number of paintings.
0	We visited our daughter and son in law in NYC in 2013. They took us to the Brooklyn Museum. I am disabled so they wheeled me through the exhibits. We looked at an exhibit of John Singer Sargent paintings We did not see any paintings.
0	Blanche wanted to lose weight. She ate less and exercised more. After a month she began to feel better. She started to notice a difference in the mirror as well. Blanche was very concerned and scared by her weight loss.
1	Blanche wanted to lose weight. She ate less and exercised more. After a month she began to feel better. She started to notice a difference in the mirror as well. Blanche was happy about her weight loss.
1	Flossie is a pioneer. Her job is to churn the butter. One day, Flossie forgot to churn the butter. The town was sad. Flossie churned double the amount of butter the next day.
0	Flossie is a pioneer. Her job is to churn the butter. One day, Flossie forgot to churn the butter. The town was sad. Flossie was proud of what she did.
1	Tina wanted to go for a hike so she put her baby in a baby carrier. They were walking up the trail in the park near their house. Suddenly, in front of them, she spotted a long black snake! After screaming, she ran home to tell her husband. Tina was terrified of snakes.
0	Tina wanted to go for a hike so she put her baby in a baby carrier. They were walking up the trail in the park near their house. Suddenly, in front of them, she spotted a long black snake! After screaming, she ran home to tell her husband. Tina's husband suggested it would make a good pet.
0	Casey was competing in a school talent show. She was incredibly nervous. All she could think about was all eyes on her. Thankfully when she hit the stage her nerves cooled. Everyone was disappointed in Casey.
1	Casey was competing in a school talent show. She was incredibly nervous. All she could think about was all eyes on her. Thankfully when she hit the stage her nerves cooled. Casey did a wonderful job.
1	Carol has been looking for a hobby to keep herself busy. She decides to begin collecting baskets. She collects small baskets at first. Finally she buys a very big basket, which she is proud of. Eventually she ran out of room to store them!
0	Carol has been looking for a hobby to keep herself busy. She decides to begin collecting baskets. She collects small baskets at first. Finally she buys a very big basket, which she is proud of. Carol liked knitting and sailing.
1	Everyday, John saw a homeless man at the corner near his school. It made John very sad to see someone in such great need. He decided to make a gift for the man with basic necessities. He looked for the man the next day and gave him the gift. The man was very grateful.
0	Everyday, John saw a homeless man at the corner near his school. It made John very sad to see someone in such great need. He decided to make a gift for the man with basic necessities. He looked for the man the next day and gave him the gift. The man allowed John to take the gift back.
0	Neil was visiting Asia. He flew into Laos and saw the sights. Then he took a river cruise up the Mekong river. It was wild and beautiful. Neil had a great time during his vacation to America.
1	Neil was visiting Asia. He flew into Laos and saw the sights. Then he took a river cruise up the Mekong river. It was wild and beautiful. Neil had a great time.
0	Sally needed to file some papers. Before that she needed to make copies, though. She knew this meant walking down to the basement. Once she was down there she made copies. She went back up and shredded all the papers.
1	Sally needed to file some papers. Before that she needed to make copies, though. She knew this meant walking down to the basement. Once she was down there she made copies. She went back up and filed all the papers.
1	Rufus met a beautiful Russian girl who he wanted to date. He decided to learn to speak Russian in order to impress her. Rufus studied very hard to learn to speak Russian. Finally when he was fluent in Russian, he asked her out. She said yes.
0	Rufus met a beautiful Russian girl who he wanted to date. He decided to learn to speak Russian in order to impress her. Rufus studied very hard to learn to speak Russian. Finally when he was fluent in Russian, he asked her out. She told Rufus that he could not buy her car.
1	Daniel walked through a park to his girlfriend's house. On the way, he noticed a patch of beautiful wildflowers. Daniel carefully picked several of the flowers. He gave them to his girlfriend when he arrived at her house. She blushed and kissed him before inviting him inside.
0	Daniel walked through a park to his girlfriend's house. On the way, he noticed a patch of beautiful wildflowers. Daniel carefully picked several of the flowers. He gave them to his girlfriend when he arrived at her house. She looked in disgust and slammed the door in Daniel's face.
0	Jamie loves to read books and has thousands of them. Her house is becoming too crowded with books but she wants them all. Her son bought her a tablet and showed her how to use it. She has put all of her books onto the one tablet. Jamie prefers to watch movies to reading books.
1	Jamie loves to read books and has thousands of them. Her house is becoming too crowded with books but she wants them all. Her son bought her a tablet and showed her how to use it. She has put all of her books onto the one tablet. Jamie now reads all the books she wants on the tablet.
1	May wanted to run a salon. She decided to strive for her dream. She signed up for beauty school. She studied hard and finished in six months! Eventually Mary got to run her own salon.
0	May wanted to run a salon. She decided to strive for her dream. She signed up for beauty school. She studied hard and finished in six months! Mary then got a job as a plumber.
1	I went to the beach with several of my friends. We planned to have a picnic. We set all our food out and were ready to eat. Suddenly, someone ran by and kicked sand everywhere. The food was ruined.
0	I went to the beach with several of my friends. We planned to have a picnic. We set all our food out and were ready to eat. Suddenly, someone ran by and kicked sand everywhere. We were all so grateful.
1	Max and May were at a tavern. They saw the dartboard and challenged each other to a game. Max played very well. But May thru even better than him. May won the game.
0	Max and May were at a tavern. They saw the dartboard and challenged each other to a game. Max played very well. But May thru even better than him. Max won the game.
0	Louisa is trying to think of the perfect gift for her grandson. She decides to knit him a pair of mittens. Louisa buys a bright red spool of yarn for the mittens. Her grandson is very happy when he sees his new mittens. Her grandson is upset with Louisa.
1	Louisa is trying to think of the perfect gift for her grandson. She decides to knit him a pair of mittens. Louisa buys a bright red spool of yarn for the mittens. Her grandson is very happy when he sees his new mittens. Her grandson thanks Louisa for the wonderful gift.
1	Devin had always loved playing video games with his best friend. They had been playing video games together for more than ten years. Yet each time they came together to play it felt like the first time. When his best friend brought over a new game it would be the same. Devin was delighted with his friend's choice.
0	Devin had always loved playing video games with his best friend. They had been playing video games together for more than ten years. Yet each time they came together to play it felt like the first time. When his best friend brought over a new game it would be the same. Devin and friend ignored the game and watched TV.
0	Betsy went into a candy store. She bought all the candy she could for ten dollars. She was so excited she ran out the door with a bag full of candy. She tripped on a shoelace. She poured the bag of candy in the trash and left.
1	Betsy went into a candy store. She bought all the candy she could for ten dollars. She was so excited she ran out the door with a bag full of candy. She tripped on a shoelace. She fell and spilled her candy all over the street.
1	Cousin Sam had fun at Tim's house. They played ball everyday. However, Sam had to leave with his parents. Tim was sad. Tim wished that Sam would visit again.
0	Cousin Sam had fun at Tim's house. They played ball everyday. However, Sam had to leave with his parents. Tim was sad. Tim did not want Sam to come over anymore.
1	Ted and Wanda were excited about taking a trip. They were only able to go for the day so they had to leave early. They packed up the car and headed out for the beach. They spent all day having a great time on the beach. They decided next time they would try a two-day trip.
0	Ted and Wanda were excited about taking a trip. They were only able to go for the day so they had to leave early. They packed up the car and headed out for the beach. They spent all day having a great time on the beach. They decided never to visit the beach again.
0	Caleb loved to play baseball. Caleb was an outfielder on his team. One day someone hit a ball far out near Caleb! Caleb ran out to catch it but it hit him right in the nose! All the kids congratulated him on a job well done.
1	Caleb loved to play baseball. Caleb was an outfielder on his team. One day someone hit a ball far out near Caleb! Caleb ran out to catch it but it hit him right in the nose! All the kids laughed at him.
0	Ali wanted to start a book club, but she was very shy. She finally decided to try it with a few friends. Everyone had a great time. They decided to invite more people. Ali was glad she had joined the bowling league.
1	Ali wanted to start a book club, but she was very shy. She finally decided to try it with a few friends. Everyone had a great time. They decided to invite more people. Ali felt her shyness diminishing, which made her very happy.
1	The boy wanted to join the tennis team. Tryouts for the team were beginning soon. The boy never played tennis before. He went to the park and practiced every week till the day of tryouts. When tryouts began, the boy was prepared.
0	The boy wanted to join the tennis team. Tryouts for the team were beginning soon. The boy never played tennis before. He went to the park and practiced every week till the day of tryouts. The boy had never seen a tennis racket before.
1	The dog jumped over the fence today. He ran for a long time and got lost. His family could not find him for many hours. His family was finally able to find him and bring him home. His family was so relieved.
0	The dog jumped over the fence today. He ran for a long time and got lost. His family could not find him for many hours. His family was finally able to find him and bring him home. His family was very disappointed.
1	Rachel wanted to take her husband out to dinner. She had the perfect place in mind, her favorite chinese restaurant. They arrived at the place but saw that it had closed. On a paper on the door, she saw that they had moved out of town. Rachel and her husband found somewhere else to eat.
0	Rachel wanted to take her husband out to dinner. She had the perfect place in mind, her favorite chinese restaurant. They arrived at the place but saw that it had closed. On a paper on the door, she saw that they had moved out of town. Rachel asked her husband for a divorce.
0	Gina's family was at her grandparents house. She decided to eat all her favorite country foods while there. Her grandma offered to make fried green tomatoes. Gina's whole family was excited about the tomatoes. Gina decided to order pizza instead.
1	Gina's family was at her grandparents house. She decided to eat all her favorite country foods while there. Her grandma offered to make fried green tomatoes. Gina's whole family was excited about the tomatoes. Gina's grandmother made the tomatoes.
0	I'd ordered two flash drives. I walked down to the mailbox in the deep snow. I was frustrated to find only one package. I was more frustrated to find both my items should have been in it. I decided recommend the company to others.
1	I'd ordered two flash drives. I walked down to the mailbox in the deep snow. I was frustrated to find only one package. I was more frustrated to find both my items should have been in it. I called the shipper.
0	Beth's daughter was coming to town and bringing her kids. Beth was excited to see her grandchildren. When her daughter arrived she played and baked cookies with the kids. The kids stayed 2 weeks before returning home. Beth wished that she had a daughter.
1	Beth's daughter was coming to town and bringing her kids. Beth was excited to see her grandchildren. When her daughter arrived she played and baked cookies with the kids. The kids stayed 2 weeks before returning home. Beth and her grandchildren baked cookies everyday!
1	Bryce knew that a call from the girl was wishful thinking. He gave her his number last week but still no call. After the 12th day of giving her the number she called. They talked for hours and enjoyed each other's conversation. Bryce asked the girl on a date.
0	Bryce knew that a call from the girl was wishful thinking. He gave her his number last week but still no call. After the 12th day of giving her the number she called. They talked for hours and enjoyed each other's conversation. Bryce never wanted to talk to the girl again.
1	Caroline heard frantic scratching on her door during a rainy storm. Caroline opened the door, and saw a lost kitten. Caroline brought the kitten inside and took care of him. Caroline decided to keep the kitten. She went to the store and bought cat food after the storm.
0	Caroline heard frantic scratching on her door during a rainy storm. Caroline opened the door, and saw a lost kitten. Caroline brought the kitten inside and took care of him. Caroline decided to keep the kitten. Caroline refers diet soda.
0	I bought my ticket. I waited for Wednesday night. The lady was calling the numbers. All of my numbers matched. I then had to pay a large bill.
1	I bought my ticket. I waited for Wednesday night. The lady was calling the numbers. All of my numbers matched. My jaw dropped as I won the lottery.
1	Trina and her friends decided to go to a famous art studio. The girls went and took numerous pictures. Trina bought a few art pieces. When she got home she hung them up. She stared at them for hours.
0	Trina and her friends decided to go to a famous art studio. The girls went and took numerous pictures. Trina bought a few art pieces. When she got home she hung them up. She didn't like the art she bought.
0	Josh loved Rachel very much. Rachel reciprocated that love. But they were from two different social backgrounds. They tried and tried to make their love work. They both hated each other.
1	Josh loved Rachel very much. Rachel reciprocated that love. But they were from two different social backgrounds. They tried and tried to make their love work. But it just wasn't meant to be.
0	The weatherman predicted that we would get 6 inches of snow overnight. I went to bed right when it started snowing. When I woke up, the snow was everywhere. We could not even open the front door. I opened the door and walked to the mailbox in my shorts.
1	The weatherman predicted that we would get 6 inches of snow overnight. I went to bed right when it started snowing. When I woke up, the snow was everywhere. We could not even open the front door. We were trapped.
0	The family decided to go to the park for Veteran's Day. We had a barbecue outside. In addition, everyone decided to take a swim in the water. Before we left, we had a huge cake. We decided to feed the cake to the seagulls at the lake.
1	The family decided to go to the park for Veteran's Day. We had a barbecue outside. In addition, everyone decided to take a swim in the water. Before we left, we had a huge cake. We then swam for an hour at the lake.
0	Jerome dribbled the ball quickly. Sam tried to grab it from him, but wasn't fast enough. He chased Jerome down the court. Jerome pushed Sam backwards and threw the ball. Sam grabbed the ball from Jerome.
1	Jerome dribbled the ball quickly. Sam tried to grab it from him, but wasn't fast enough. He chased Jerome down the court. Jerome pushed Sam backwards and threw the ball. Jerome scored points for his team.
1	Lucy got a new diary for her birthday. Unlike her old one, it had a lock on it to keep her brother James out. But one day she found the lock was broken. James had gotten into her diary again! Lucy was so angry!
0	Lucy got a new diary for her birthday. Unlike her old one, it had a lock on it to keep her brother James out. But one day she found the lock was broken. James had gotten into her diary again! Lucy was so amused!
1	I love surprising people. Jake wanted a new guitar for a long time but couldn't afford it. One year I got a large Christmas bonus. I told him that I got him a movie for a gift. I actually bought Jake a guitar!
0	I love surprising people. Jake wanted a new guitar for a long time but couldn't afford it. One year I got a large Christmas bonus. I told him that I got him a movie for a gift. Jake loved the movie!
1	My mom always tells me to wake up and enjoy the sunrise. She tells me I miss out on all of life's beauty staying in. So I woke up extra early and sat on my balcony with some coffee. The sun rose shortly after 6 in the morning. It was beautiful and relaxing.
0	My mom always tells me to wake up and enjoy the sunrise. She tells me I miss out on all of life's beauty staying in. So I woke up extra early and sat on my balcony with some coffee. The sun rose shortly after 6 in the morning. I never liked my mom.
1	Dan realizes that he has gained weight over the last few Year's. He decides to begin exercising and eating better to become less fat. It is a grueling process, and at times Dan wants to give up. However, he remains dedicated until the extra weight is gone. Dan steps onto a scale and realizes he lost a significant amount.
0	Dan realizes that he has gained weight over the last few Year's. He decides to begin exercising and eating better to become less fat. It is a grueling process, and at times Dan wants to give up. However, he remains dedicated until the extra weight is gone. Despite his dedication, he gave eating well up and never lost it.
0	Dan and Tim were going to have a picnic. Tom made sandwiches for the picnic. Tim brought lemonade for the picnic. As the boys were leaving it started to rain. Dan put on his heaviest winter clothing.
1	Dan and Tim were going to have a picnic. Tom made sandwiches for the picnic. Tim brought lemonade for the picnic. As the boys were leaving it started to rain. Dan saved the day and picnic by bringing an umbrella.
0	Jeff loved going snowboarding. For his birthday last weekend he went on a camping trip. They stayed at a lodge near the slopes. Everyone loved snowboarding with him. Jeff vowed to never go snowboarding again.
1	Jeff loved going snowboarding. For his birthday last weekend he went on a camping trip. They stayed at a lodge near the slopes. Everyone loved snowboarding with him. He had a great time.
0	Anthony was a gang member but didn't want to die over a color. One afternoon he was caught in an alley by a rival gang member. The rival gang member put a gun to Anthony's head. Anthony prayed to God for protection. Anthony decided to go to Starbucks.
1	Anthony was a gang member but didn't want to die over a color. One afternoon he was caught in an alley by a rival gang member. The rival gang member put a gun to Anthony's head. Anthony prayed to God for protection. The man with the gun was unnerved by Anthony's praying and left.
1	Jane closed her eyes and counted to twenty. Kate ran to hide in the cupboard. Jane already knew Kate's favorite hiding places. She took her time before approaching the cupboard. She didn't want Kate to be disappointed.
0	Jane closed her eyes and counted to twenty. Kate ran to hide in the cupboard. Jane already knew Kate's favorite hiding places. She took her time before approaching the cupboard. Jane couldn't find Kate anywhere.
1	I was going to attend a concert today. I bought the tickets last week. I worked out my two-hour driving route earlier. I just heard that the concert had to be canceled. Frustrated, I went about getting my money back.
0	I was going to attend a concert today. I bought the tickets last week. I worked out my two-hour driving route earlier. I just heard that the concert had to be canceled. The band had never sounded better than they did that night.
1	Mick wanted a cool jean jacket like his friends had. He wanted to be stylish like them, but he was broke. Then he went to a secondhand store and saw a great jean jacket. It was only six dollars! Mick asked his mother to loan him six dollars for the jacket.
0	Mick wanted a cool jean jacket like his friends had. He wanted to be stylish like them, but he was broke. Then he went to a secondhand store and saw a great jean jacket. It was only six dollars! Mick purchased the jacket for twelve dollars.
1	Gina had tons of missed texts. She hadn't checked her phone for 2 days. She checked half of the messages, and decided to come back later. When she checked again there were texts from her friends. Her friends had been trying to tell Gina they'd had a baby!
0	Gina had tons of missed texts. She hadn't checked her phone for 2 days. She checked half of the messages, and decided to come back later. When she checked again there were texts from her friends. Gina turned off her phone because she didn't have any texts.
1	Coy needed new sneakers. She went to the store and examined their selection. She settled on a lovely blue pair. And the price was just right, too! Coy bought the sneakers.
0	Coy needed new sneakers. She went to the store and examined their selection. She settled on a lovely blue pair. And the price was just right, too! Coy bought a more expensive pair of sneakers.
1	Neil had arrived in Finland! He had traveled by boat and rail. He couldn't wait to start seeing the sights! But first there was something important he had to do. Neil went to the grave where his ancestors were buried.
0	Neil had arrived in Finland! He had traveled by boat and rail. He couldn't wait to start seeing the sights! But first there was something important he had to do. Neil went home instead of doing any sightseeing in Finland.
1	Michelle really wanted a new computer, but didn't have enough money. She worked really hard to try to make enough. She worked hours and hours, but bills kept showing up. She finally decided that maybe she didn't need a new one. Michelle was overwhelmed with money concerns.
0	Michelle really wanted a new computer, but didn't have enough money. She worked really hard to try to make enough. She worked hours and hours, but bills kept showing up. She finally decided that maybe she didn't need a new one. Michelle did not like computers.
1	A few Year's ago I went to see a Broadway show. My friends and I went to see Billy Elliot. The show was amazing. I loved the music so much I bought the soundtrack. I hope to go back soon.
0	A few Year's ago I went to see a Broadway show. My friends and I went to see Billy Elliot. The show was amazing. I loved the music so much I bought the soundtrack. I stopped liking Broadway shows after that.
0	Vianna went to church on a Saturday. She sat in the pew and listened to the sermon. The sermon was very interesting and she had questions. She decided to ask the speaker about some questions she had. Vianna suddenly decided she didn't have any questions.
1	Vianna went to church on a Saturday. She sat in the pew and listened to the sermon. The sermon was very interesting and she had questions. She decided to ask the speaker about some questions she had. The speaker was able to give her all of the answers she needed.
0	Sue was nervous about taking the driver's test. But she had been practicing a lot so she felt confident in her skills. She arrived at the DMV and the driving instructor greeted her. The test was going well, until Sue's car started to overheat. The DMV hired her on the spot.
1	Sue was nervous about taking the driver's test. But she had been practicing a lot so she felt confident in her skills. She arrived at the DMV and the driving instructor greeted her. The test was going well, until Sue's car started to overheat. Sue would have to wait five weeks to take the test again.
1	Jake was at the grocery store. He was trying to pick melons. Someone noticed he was confused. She went over and tried to explain which were best. Jake finally chose a melon that he thought was ripe.
0	Jake was at the grocery store. He was trying to pick melons. Someone noticed he was confused. She went over and tried to explain which were best. Jake wore a cowboy hat.
1	Adam was rushing a fraternity. They dared him to pick a coconut from a palm tree. He went out at night and scaled a palm. Then he cut down a large coconut and returned with it. The frat was proud of him.
0	Adam was rushing a fraternity. They dared him to pick a coconut from a palm tree. He went out at night and scaled a palm. Then he cut down a large coconut and returned with it. The frat scolded him.
1	It was Dan's turn to present his research project. He stood up in front of the class and started talking. One of the classmate's phone rang in class. She immediately turned it off. Dan became slightly flustered.
0	It was Dan's turn to present his research project. He stood up in front of the class and started talking. One of the classmate's phone rang in class. She immediately turned it off. She then turned it back on to check her messages.
0	We were supposed to celebrate Valentine's Day. But then my niece came down with a bad cold. So we stayed in and played games. We rotated between Heads Up and Monopoly. We went outside to play baseball.
1	We were supposed to celebrate Valentine's Day. But then my niece came down with a bad cold. So we stayed in and played games. We rotated between Heads Up and Monopoly. We played Monopoly for two hours.
1	Heather loved to paint pictures and wanted to be an artist. She took lots of lessons and practiced very hard. Heather finally sold a painting and eventually became a famous artist. Her hard work paid off. Heather was proud of herself.
0	Heather loved to paint pictures and wanted to be an artist. She took lots of lessons and practiced very hard. Heather finally sold a painting and eventually became a famous artist. Her hard work paid off. Heather was disappointed in herself.
0	Ida had assembled a really cute outfit. She was just missing a belt! She looked through all her belts, but none was quite right. Then she decided to check her dad's closet. She borrowed a belt from her mom.
1	Ida had assembled a really cute outfit. She was just missing a belt! She looked through all her belts, but none was quite right. Then she decided to check her dad's closet. She borrowed a belt from her dad.
0	Tyler bought a boomerang and went to an open field. He tried to toss it but it never came back. Tyler adjusted his form and threw it very hard. The boomerang began to return but still failed. Tyler decided he was a natural at this.
1	Tyler bought a boomerang and went to an open field. He tried to toss it but it never came back. Tyler adjusted his form and threw it very hard. The boomerang began to return but still failed. Tyler decided to practice.
1	They had heard about potty training bunnies. It seemed like a good idea to try that. After a while they decided to leave her out of her cage. It seemed to go very well! The bunny learned to use the litter box!
0	They had heard about potty training bunnies. It seemed like a good idea to try that. After a while they decided to leave her out of her cage. It seemed to go very well! They had to clean up after the bunny every day.
0	I used to be fat. At 18 Year's old I was 280 pounds. I knew my life would suck forever if I didn't change that. I worked my ass off for three Years with intense diet and exercise. I weight 299 pounds.
1	I used to be fat. At 18 Year's old I was 280 pounds. I knew my life would suck forever if I didn't change that. I worked my ass off for three Years with intense diet and exercise. I am very proud of myself.
1	Lonnie loaned his sister a lot of money. She promised to pay him back when she got her check. She received her check but did not tell Lonnie. She spent her whole check without paying him anything. Lonnie decided to never lend his sister anything again.
0	Lonnie loaned his sister a lot of money. She promised to pay him back when she got her check. She received her check but did not tell Lonnie. She spent her whole check without paying him anything. Lonnie thanked his sister for repaying him with interest.
1	Jack needed a new couch. He went to a local furniture store. He chose a lovely light beige couch. The first day home he spilled red wine on the arm of the couch. He immediately applied stain remover and the stain was gone.
0	Jack needed a new couch. He went to a local furniture store. He chose a lovely light beige couch. The first day home he spilled red wine on the arm of the couch. He put the couch on the curb and bought a new one.
1	Yesterday I was putting up the Christmas tree. I picked up the prettiest ornaments. As I picked one up, it dropped. The glass shattered. I cleaned it up with a broom.
0	Yesterday I was putting up the Christmas tree. I picked up the prettiest ornaments. As I picked one up, it dropped. The glass shattered. I let my dog eat it.
1	Jasmine wanted to try to ice skate. The local park had an ice rink set up. Her mom took her into the rink. Jasmine fell several times. Jasmine decided to take lessons to get better.
0	Jasmine wanted to try to ice skate. The local park had an ice rink set up. Her mom took her into the rink. Jasmine fell several times. Jasmine loved playing pinball.
0	My Netflix keeps buffering last night. Even if I paused it nothing would happen. It would just play for a second and buffer. Eventually I reset the router. I went to a drive-in theatre to watch my movie.
1	My Netflix keeps buffering last night. Even if I paused it nothing would happen. It would just play for a second and buffer. Eventually I reset the router. Resetting the router didn't have any effect at all.
0	It was a cold day. So Sarah decided to make a mocha. When she finished making it, she was eager to drink it. And she ended up burning her mouth. Sarah took another sip right away.
1	It was a cold day. So Sarah decided to make a mocha. When she finished making it, she was eager to drink it. And she ended up burning her mouth. Sarah wished she had been more patient.
1	I worked two shifts one night. On the way home i could barely see the road. I barely missed hitting an oncoming car. it swerved at the last minute. I narrowly avoided a serious accident.
0	I worked two shifts one night. On the way home i could barely see the road. I barely missed hitting an oncoming car. it swerved at the last minute. I decided to drive at that time of night every night.
1	Gina's mom was upset with her. Gina had been sulking in her room all day. She decided to offer a truce. She washed the dishes as an act of goodwill. Gina's mom was happy and they had a great night together.
0	Gina's mom was upset with her. Gina had been sulking in her room all day. She decided to offer a truce. She washed the dishes as an act of goodwill. Gina got angry and did not want to talk to her mother.
1	Chief is a great surgeon. He takes his time and rarely goes home. Every day, the stress takes its toll and he drinks too much. Chief decides to get healthy and stop drinking. He now manages his stress in a much more healthy way.
0	Chief is a great surgeon. He takes his time and rarely goes home. Every day, the stress takes its toll and he drinks too much. Chief decides to get healthy and stop drinking. Chief took up smoking in the place of drinking,
0	Gina's knew pencils were gone. And she knew a boy named Dave had taken them. She decided she would confront him to get them back. She marched to his desk and begin yelling. Gina was very calm.
1	Gina's knew pencils were gone. And she knew a boy named Dave had taken them. She decided she would confront him to get them back. She marched to his desk and begin yelling. Gina was very angry.
0	Matt wanted to travel with his motorhome. He went out to start it one day to see how it ran. It started right up! He loaded it up with food and gas. He didn't have any money for gas.
1	Matt wanted to travel with his motorhome. He went out to start it one day to see how it ran. It started right up! He loaded it up with food and gas. He planned out his perfect road trip.
0	Kathie does not like babies. One day, she became pregnant. She was concerned she might not like her baby. When the baby was born, she fell in love with the baby. Kathie gave the baby up for adoption.
1	Kathie does not like babies. One day, she became pregnant. She was concerned she might not like her baby. When the baby was born, she fell in love with the baby. Kathie decided she'd be okay with having another one.
1	Rudy really wanted a dog. He begged his parents for one. They said if he cared for it, he could have one. Rudy agreed to walk and feed it every day. Rudy's parents took him to the shelter to pick out a pet dog.
0	Rudy really wanted a dog. He begged his parents for one. They said if he cared for it, he could have one. Rudy agreed to walk and feed it every day. Rudy's parents decided not to get him a dog.
0	We live on the banks of a small pond. In 1999 the state drained the pond. The state said the pond sediment had to be removed. We took photos of thousands of dead fish. It was a pretty sight.
1	We live on the banks of a small pond. In 1999 the state drained the pond. The state said the pond sediment had to be removed. We took photos of thousands of dead fish. It was gross.
1	Bob was working at his job as a security guard at a mall. Unexpectedly, he fell asleep. While he was sleeping, some thieves came in and stole some items. Bob woke up and was shocked to find out what happened. Bob vows to do a better job in the future.
0	Bob was working at his job as a security guard at a mall. Unexpectedly, he fell asleep. While he was sleeping, some thieves came in and stole some items. Bob woke up and was shocked to find out what happened. Bob felt pride and satisfaction in what had happened.
1	John was a truck driver who had just started his job. He pulled over one night to fill up his truck's gas tank. But he filled the tank with regular fuel, not diesel! John caused serious engine trouble for the truck. John got fired.
0	John was a truck driver who had just started his job. He pulled over one night to fill up his truck's gas tank. But he filled the tank with regular fuel, not diesel! John caused serious engine trouble for the truck. John got a raise in pay.
1	Eva hid easter eggs in her house for her children to find. They found all but one egg. When they could not find the last, they assumed they had miscounted. A week later, Eva smelled something strange behind the bookcase. Eva found the egg!
0	Eva hid easter eggs in her house for her children to find. They found all but one egg. When they could not find the last, they assumed they had miscounted. A week later, Eva smelled something strange behind the bookcase. Eva found an orange!
1	Down in mountains lived a large family. The dad had a red truck. One day it snowed. They needed food so the dad got in the truck. He drove the truck through the snow to the store and got food.
0	Down in mountains lived a large family. The dad had a red truck. One day it snowed. They needed food so the dad got in the truck. He decided to go back in the house.
0	Christie had to complete an art project for school. She decided to complete a self portrait. She bought lots of watercolor paints. She worked for many days on her painting. She threw it away, and never painted again.
1	Christie had to complete an art project for school. She decided to complete a self portrait. She bought lots of watercolor paints. She worked for many days on her painting. She was pleased with the finished product.
1	Ellen's family went to the mountains to cut down a fresh tree. They searched and searched before finding the perfect Christmas tree. Just as her dad was about to make the first cut, they noticed a nest. There was a family of squirrels living in the tree. Ellen stopped her dad from cutting the tree.
0	Ellen's family went to the mountains to cut down a fresh tree. They searched and searched before finding the perfect Christmas tree. Just as her dad was about to make the first cut, they noticed a nest. There was a family of squirrels living in the tree. Ellen watched her dad chop the tree for firewood.
1	Rachel found out that she had cancer. She was very scared. Rachel told her family and it was very difficult. They all cried. They prayed that she would get better.
0	Rachel found out that she had cancer. She was very scared. Rachel told her family and it was very difficult. They all cried. Rachel had a great day.
0	Joe woke up on a cold morning. He tried to find a good pair of pants to wear. All of his pants were too dirty to wear. He had to put on shorts and go about his day. He was sweaty all day.
1	Joe woke up on a cold morning. He tried to find a good pair of pants to wear. All of his pants were too dirty to wear. He had to put on shorts and go about his day. He was cold all day.
0	Alice sent a message to Bob. Chuck intercepted Alice's message. Chuck used the message to game the stock market. Chuck made a fortune, but Alice and Bob were bankrupted. Alice and Bob were happy with the way Chuck made his money.
1	Alice sent a message to Bob. Chuck intercepted Alice's message. Chuck used the message to game the stock market. Chuck made a fortune, but Alice and Bob were bankrupted. Chuck decided to split his money with Alice and Bob.
0	A family of four went to the local beach for a day. The family found a few toy shovels that had been left behind. They decided to building a small sand castle together. Before long the small sand castle ended up being a large sand castle. The sand castle was smaller than the family expected.
1	A family of four went to the local beach for a day. The family found a few toy shovels that had been left behind. They decided to building a small sand castle together. Before long the small sand castle ended up being a large sand castle. The family was proud of their creation.
1	Jake had recently gotten a new cell phone. The very first thing he tried to do was take a selfie. He dropped his phone on the pavement while trying to do so. His phone was scuffed up on the back side. Jake returned to the  store  for a plastic cover for the phone.
0	Jake had recently gotten a new cell phone. The very first thing he tried to do was take a selfie. He dropped his phone on the pavement while trying to do so. His phone was scuffed up on the back side. Jake was depressed  when he  saw  the condition of the old house.
1	Lauren was an unusual girl. Unlike many girls who feared bugs, Lauren loved them. She was fascinated by their structure and movements. Lauren's friends made fun of her for her strange interest. Lauren didn't care and continued to study bugs.
0	Lauren was an unusual girl. Unlike many girls who feared bugs, Lauren loved them. She was fascinated by their structure and movements. Lauren's friends made fun of her for her strange interest. Lauren went for a ride on her horse.
1	Julie was sitting in the front of a speedboat. The driver wanted to go over a huge wave. They flew over the wave, going really high in the air. When they crashed back down, Julie hit her face on the boat. The driver immediately stopped to help Julie.
0	Julie was sitting in the front of a speedboat. The driver wanted to go over a huge wave. They flew over the wave, going really high in the air. When they crashed back down, Julie hit her face on the boat. The driver saw this and kept driving.
0	Lulu and Jill had been friends for Years. However this summer they had a disagreement. The fight ruined their friendship. Lulu was not sure they could be friends again. Jill never spoke to Leonard again.
1	Lulu and Jill had been friends for Years. However this summer they had a disagreement. The fight ruined their friendship. Lulu was not sure they could be friends again. Jill reached out, however, and they repaired their relationship.
0	One day I was walking on the sidewalk. I saw an old dog on the driveway nearby. He looked at me and barked. I tried to run away because I was startled. I was then eaten by the dog.
1	One day I was walking on the sidewalk. I saw an old dog on the driveway nearby. He looked at me and barked. I tried to run away because I was startled. I ran away and then got away.
1	Tom went whale watching today. He had never been on such a big boat before. Once the boat got out into the ocean Tom was excited. A huge whale came up to the side of the boat. Tom can't wait until the next time he can go on a whale watch.
0	Tom went whale watching today. He had never been on such a big boat before. Once the boat got out into the ocean Tom was excited. A huge whale came up to the side of the boat. Tom decided he was disinterest and wanted to go home.
1	Bev was cleaning out her childhood bedroom. Her parents were moving after 25 Years in the same house. She came across her diary from 7th grade. She smiled as she read the thoughts of her younger self. Bev decided to start writing in her diary again.
0	Bev was cleaning out her childhood bedroom. Her parents were moving after 25 Years in the same house. She came across her diary from 7th grade. She smiled as she read the thoughts of her younger self. Bev was upset her parents threw away her diary.
0	Jane spent many hours packing for her flight. She went to bed late. Hours later her alarm went off three times. She did not wake up. Jane arrived at the airport six hours early.
1	Jane spent many hours packing for her flight. She went to bed late. Hours later her alarm went off three times. She did not wake up. Jane didn't make her flight in time.
0	Drew was drawing a picture when he heard meowing at the door. He opened the door to find a wet, dirty kitten standing at the door. Drew decided to draw flyers to post around town about the kitten. Three days later, a man named Larry called about his lost kitten. Drew told Larry not to call him again.
1	Drew was drawing a picture when he heard meowing at the door. He opened the door to find a wet, dirty kitten standing at the door. Drew decided to draw flyers to post around town about the kitten. Three days later, a man named Larry called about his lost kitten. Larry came to pick up his kitten.
0	Florence loves the way that her friends look in summer dresses. She decides that she wants to have one too. She visits her local mall and finds a beautiful dress with flowers. Florence tries it on and it fits perfectly. She smeared dirt all over the dress.
1	Florence loves the way that her friends look in summer dresses. She decides that she wants to have one too. She visits her local mall and finds a beautiful dress with flowers. Florence tries it on and it fits perfectly. She felt beautiful with her new dress on.
1	I went camping with my church group as a child. I was excited to be there. One day, I got really sick. I didn't get better, so they called my mother. My mom came and got me.
0	I went camping with my church group as a child. I was excited to be there. One day, I got really sick. I didn't get better, so they called my mother. My mother told them they could keep me indefinitely.
0	Key wanted to play softball. She challenged a few friends to a game. They happily accepted. Key focused hard and did her best. Key quit the team.
1	Key wanted to play softball. She challenged a few friends to a game. They happily accepted. Key focused hard and did her best. Key was a good player.
0	Gayle lived by a pond where a lot of geese lived. Sometimes she would go to visit the geese, but they scared her. One day, she brought some pieces of bread to feed them. The geese came up to her to eat the bread. Gayle did not like feeding the farm animals.
1	Gayle lived by a pond where a lot of geese lived. Sometimes she would go to visit the geese, but they scared her. One day, she brought some pieces of bread to feed them. The geese came up to her to eat the bread. Gayle had fun feeding the geese.
1	Quentin had never gone hunting before. This last weekend his friends invited him with them. They were going to camp out and hunt for a few days. He agreed to go. Quentin really enjoyed the hunting trip.
0	Quentin had never gone hunting before. This last weekend his friends invited him with them. They were going to camp out and hunt for a few days. He agreed to go. Quentin went to school.
0	Kate was interested in taking karate. Kate searched the yellow pages for a qualified school. Kate found a school that peaked her interest. In visiting the school, Kate was excited to join. Kate never went back to the school.
1	Kate was interested in taking karate. Kate searched the yellow pages for a qualified school. Kate found a school that peaked her interest. In visiting the school, Kate was excited to join. Kate practiced often and became great.
0	Little Richie was tired of being picked on. He wanted it to change for the better. Little Richie starts taking Karate to defend himself. He showed off his new skills in friend of his bully. Little Richie felt guilty.
1	Little Richie was tired of being picked on. He wanted it to change for the better. Little Richie starts taking Karate to defend himself. He showed off his new skills in friend of his bully. Little Richie no longer has to be afraid of being bullied.
0	Brad was camping in the mountains with his friends. They roasted marshmallows all night. When they woke up in the morning there was a bobcat in the camp! Brad was scared to come out of his tent. Bob went out to the beach.
1	Brad was camping in the mountains with his friends. They roasted marshmallows all night. When they woke up in the morning there was a bobcat in the camp! Brad was scared to come out of his tent. The bobcat was actually his friend in a costume.
1	The Lambert family was hungry and needed to pick up dinner. They saw a commercial for Steak and Shake on television. The commercial said they have four dollar meals. The Lamberts went to the restaurant and ate hamburgers. The Lamberts were full after the meal.
0	The Lambert family was hungry and needed to pick up dinner. They saw a commercial for Steak and Shake on television. The commercial said they have four dollar meals. The Lamberts went to the restaurant and ate hamburgers. The Lamberts then went to another restaurant.
0	Amy's mom was beyond angry. She wanted to know why Amy and her friends were out at 12 AM. Amy decided to tell the truth. Her mother was furious. Amy's mom wanted to hang out with her next time.
1	Amy's mom was beyond angry. She wanted to know why Amy and her friends were out at 12 AM. Amy decided to tell the truth. Her mother was furious. Amy was grounded.
0	Tim's arch enemy on the playground made a sudden appearance. This was during the 3rd period break, a time normally Tim was alone. Tim mustered up his courage to go face his arch enemy. He approached Jane and told her to stay away from him. Tim asked Jane to play on the merry go round.
1	Tim's arch enemy on the playground made a sudden appearance. This was during the 3rd period break, a time normally Tim was alone. Tim mustered up his courage to go face his arch enemy. He approached Jane and told her to stay away from him. Tim was glad he stood up to Jane.
0	Gray wanted to be a weightlifter. He practiced at the gym after school. He lifted heavier and heavier weights. Soon he was confident in his abilities. He vomited all over the judges during his deadlift.
1	Gray wanted to be a weightlifter. He practiced at the gym after school. He lifted heavier and heavier weights. Soon he was confident in his abilities. He won a weightlifting competition.
1	I have never been to the airport. I had to take a trip to California to see my family. Unfortunately I didn't know what to do with my belongings. The airport staff had to explain everything to me. I was a little embarrassed by my inexperience with air travel.
0	I have never been to the airport. I had to take a trip to California to see my family. Unfortunately I didn't know what to do with my belongings. The airport staff had to explain everything to me. I always take a small carry-on with me when I fly.
0	Tony loved Maria. They had been dating for a year. He decided to propose to her. He got her a great ring and popped the question. Maria told Tony that she wanted a divorce.
1	Tony loved Maria. They had been dating for a year. He decided to propose to her. He got her a great ring and popped the question. Maria said yes.
1	Jay was starting his first shift as a dog walker. He was afraid. He feared the dogs would be mean to him! But then he found that they were all very friendly. Jay was relieved.
0	Jay was starting his first shift as a dog walker. He was afraid. He feared the dogs would be mean to him! But then he found that they were all very friendly. Jay was now more terrified of dogs than ever before.
0	Gina went to her room to begin working on her report. She found the subject boring. She kept daydreaming. She hadn't realized how long her mind had been wandering. Gina decided she was working to briskly and should take a break.
1	Gina went to her room to begin working on her report. She found the subject boring. She kept daydreaming. She hadn't realized how long her mind had been wandering. When Gina looked at the clock, she saw she had wasted an hour.
0	I took my car in for an oil change. I informed them that I would be waiting in the lobby. After an hour, I checked to see if it was done yet. I was told that they didn't even have it started yet. I told them that I was happy with their service.
1	I took my car in for an oil change. I informed them that I would be waiting in the lobby. After an hour, I checked to see if it was done yet. I was told that they didn't even have it started yet. Angrily, I left with my car and went somewhere else.
1	I've always loved penguins. I wanted to take a trip to the zoo to see the penguins. I saved money for a few weeks to get tickets and gas money together. I went to the zoo with my brother. We had a lot of fun.
0	I've always loved penguins. I wanted to take a trip to the zoo to see the penguins. I saved money for a few weeks to get tickets and gas money together. I went to the zoo with my brother. I was sad we went to the zoo.
0	Amy saw a lovely black dress when she was shopping. She loved the dress, but it was too expensive. Just then a cashier walked by and told Amy the dress was on sale. Amy decided to buy the dress. Amy was so disappointed!
1	Amy saw a lovely black dress when she was shopping. She loved the dress, but it was too expensive. Just then a cashier walked by and told Amy the dress was on sale. Amy decided to buy the dress. Amy was excited!
0	A police officer pulled a woman over for speeding. She protested that she had not been speeding. The officer wrote the ticket anyway. She went to traffic court to argue the ticket. The woman told the judge she indeed had been speeding.
1	A police officer pulled a woman over for speeding. She protested that she had not been speeding. The officer wrote the ticket anyway. She went to traffic court to argue the ticket. The woman succeeded in reversing her ticket.
1	Eric was overly excited for lunch today. The cafeteria was serving his absolute favorite meal. He loved the school's pizza and french fries. He sprinted to the lunch line but it was too late. Eric had to settle for cold peanut butter and jelly for lunch.
0	Eric was overly excited for lunch today. The cafeteria was serving his absolute favorite meal. He loved the school's pizza and french fries. He sprinted to the lunch line but it was too late. Eric got a second plate of pizza and french fries.
1	Kelly was taking her daughter to get her first shot. Her daughter got scared and started crying. Kelly tried to soothe her. The shot was painful. Kelly's daughter kept on crying.
0	Kelly was taking her daughter to get her first shot. Her daughter got scared and started crying. Kelly tried to soothe her. The shot was painful. Kelly's daughter started laughing.
1	Carla has always wanted to visit Fiji. She saved up for four Years to be able to afford the trip. When she finally had enough money she purchased her ticket. Upon arriving in Fiji she knew she had made the right choice! Carla had a great time in Fiji.
0	Carla has always wanted to visit Fiji. She saved up for four Years to be able to afford the trip. When she finally had enough money she purchased her ticket. Upon arriving in Fiji she knew she had made the right choice! Carla went home as early as possible to get away from this place.
1	Tea was chewing some bubble gum on the couch. She accidentally fell asleep. When she woke up, she found the gum had fallen into her hair. She had to get it cut out. Now Tea is much more careful about spitting out her gum.
0	Tea was chewing some bubble gum on the couch. She accidentally fell asleep. When she woke up, she found the gum had fallen into her hair. She had to get it cut out. Tea put another piece of gum in her hair.
0	Susan had very little money left in her food fund for the month. She went to the dollar store to see what she could find. She bought a few kinds of canned foods and a sparkling water. At home, she mixed the canned food into a pot and cooked it. Susan went out and treated her friends to a steak dinner.
1	Susan had very little money left in her food fund for the month. She went to the dollar store to see what she could find. She bought a few kinds of canned foods and a sparkling water. At home, she mixed the canned food into a pot and cooked it. Susan poured the food into a bowl and ate it.
0	Eliza was excited to buy her first pair of true religion jeans. The jeans cost 300 dollars and Eliza was excited to finally get them. All the girls at school had them and Eliza wanted to just fit in. She walked into the store and found the perfect pair. It was the cheapest pair of jeans she ever bought.
1	Eliza was excited to buy her first pair of true religion jeans. The jeans cost 300 dollars and Eliza was excited to finally get them. All the girls at school had them and Eliza wanted to just fit in. She walked into the store and found the perfect pair. She paid for them and was excited.
1	Mike and his buddies wanted something to do. They looked around and realized they had several guns and goggles. They decided to go outside and play airsoft. They set up in a forest and played all afternoon. Mike had a great time.
0	Mike and his buddies wanted something to do. They looked around and realized they had several guns and goggles. They decided to go outside and play airsoft. They set up in a forest and played all afternoon. Mike had a terrible time.
1	Ned wants a hobby that will get him outside. He decides to plant a vegetable garden in his yard. Ned plants tomato, eggplant, and pepper in his garden. He is surprised by how much work it takes. Ned is proud of his hard work and tasty vegetables.
0	Ned wants a hobby that will get him outside. He decides to plant a vegetable garden in his yard. Ned plants tomato, eggplant, and pepper in his garden. He is surprised by how much work it takes. Ned decides to throw away the vegetables.
0	Jean helped a customer with a big layaway. The next day, the customer paid some money to take out an item. The customer kept coming back to do the same all week. When she stopped coming, Jean checked her layaway. She saw that the customer had never come back for any items.
1	Jean helped a customer with a big layaway. The next day, the customer paid some money to take out an item. The customer kept coming back to do the same all week. When she stopped coming, Jean checked her layaway. The layaway bag was empty, with money still owed.
1	I got a new laptop last month. For a long time it was great. I was able to do a lot with it. Unfortunately it broke yesterday. I am going to try and have it repaired.
0	I got a new laptop last month. For a long time it was great. I was able to do a lot with it. Unfortunately it broke yesterday. I can't wait to try out some new programs on it.
0	For Rachel's birthday, her husband took her out to the river. They set up a blanket on the beach and enjoyed a picnic. After they ate, they went for a swim. When they got bored of that, they went and bought some ice cream. Rachel had a terrible time.
1	For Rachel's birthday, her husband took her out to the river. They set up a blanket on the beach and enjoyed a picnic. After they ate, they went for a swim. When they got bored of that, they went and bought some ice cream. Rachel had a wonderful time.
0	Gina had purchased a CD single of a song she liked. There were only 2 songs printed on the CD. She was anxious to hear the second song. This was a new artist so she hadn't heard much from him. She broke the CD over knee, and threw it in the trash.
1	Gina had purchased a CD single of a song she liked. There were only 2 songs printed on the CD. She was anxious to hear the second song. This was a new artist so she hadn't heard much from him. After listening she liked the 2nd song more than the first.
1	I woke up one morning for work feeling ill. I put on my clothes and left my house in a struggle. When I got to work, I barely made it into the building. My boss saw that I was visibly ill and told me to go home. I was angry with my boss because work gives no sick leave.
0	I woke up one morning for work feeling ill. I put on my clothes and left my house in a struggle. When I got to work, I barely made it into the building. My boss saw that I was visibly ill and told me to go home. My boss was angry with me for being late on the latest report.
0	Tiff wanted to lose body fat. She needed some motivation to be successful. Tiff joined a dietbet for thirty five dollars. She was successful at her goal. Tiff loved being overweight.
1	Tiff wanted to lose body fat. She needed some motivation to be successful. Tiff joined a dietbet for thirty five dollars. She was successful at her goal. Tiff was encouraged to do more.
1	Briana was riding a four wheeler with her brother. They were going fast down a dirt road. Suddenly, they hit a rock. The four-wheeler flipped. Briana began to cry.
0	Briana was riding a four wheeler with her brother. They were going fast down a dirt road. Suddenly, they hit a rock. The four-wheeler flipped. Briana loved crashing.
1	Amy's class went on a field trip to see A Mid Summer Night's Dream. They arrived at the theater and found their seats. Amy was in awe of the actors discipline and talent. After the play she was able to speak with the cast. Amy was thrilled.
0	Amy's class went on a field trip to see A Mid Summer Night's Dream. They arrived at the theater and found their seats. Amy was in awe of the actors discipline and talent. After the play she was able to speak with the cast. Amy told the actors she could have performed better.
0	A radio DJ announced a prize to the 100th caller. The DJ was lying about the prize. He just enjoyed talking to people on the phone. He told each caller that they were the 99th caller. The 100th caller was elated to win the prize.
1	A radio DJ announced a prize to the 100th caller. The DJ was lying about the prize. He just enjoyed talking to people on the phone. He told each caller that they were the 99th caller. Several called back to win the prize, and caught the DJ lying.
1	Steve was always told to never fight with other kids. It was bad to get into a fight, or so his mother always told him. However at school there were some bullies that wouldn't leave. So one day he got into a fight with one of them. Steve was proud that he stood up for himself.
0	Steve was always told to never fight with other kids. It was bad to get into a fight, or so his mother always told him. However at school there were some bullies that wouldn't leave. So one day he got into a fight with one of them. Steve decided to treat himself to ice cream.
1	Bernie started to get tired of telemarketing calls. The phone had already rung six times in the past few hours. The phone just then rang again. Bernie picked up the phone to hear some snickering. Bernie realized it was his friend prank calling.
0	Bernie started to get tired of telemarketing calls. The phone had already rung six times in the past few hours. The phone just then rang again. Bernie picked up the phone to hear some snickering. Bernie loved phone calls from strangers.
1	Sue wanted a pet. She told her mom she wanted a dolphin. Her mom told her that wouldn't be possible. So her mom got her a new goldfish the next day. Sue liked the fish.
0	Sue wanted a pet. She told her mom she wanted a dolphin. Her mom told her that wouldn't be possible. So her mom got her a new goldfish the next day. Sue doesn't like animals.
0	Chase and his girlfriend got into a fight. They went to bed mad. In the morning they sat and talked. Finally they made up and hugged. Chase and his girlfriend broke up.
1	Chase and his girlfriend got into a fight. They went to bed mad. In the morning they sat and talked. Finally they made up and hugged. They promised not to go to bed mad anymore.
1	Kim sobbed and made gasping, hurt sounds. Her beloved cat was a crimson spot of fur and entrails. His blood was running down the driveway into the gutter. Her dad sternly told her to stop her caterwauling. Kim then went and got a replacement cat.
0	Kim sobbed and made gasping, hurt sounds. Her beloved cat was a crimson spot of fur and entrails. His blood was running down the driveway into the gutter. Her dad sternly told her to stop her caterwauling. Kim missed her pet dog.
1	Jill wanted to knit her boyfriend a sweater. She taught herself how to knit and bought supplies. She finished the sweater just in time for her boyfriend's birthday. Jill was excited as she presented her boyfriend with her creation. Jill's boyfriend told her he loved the sweater.
0	Jill wanted to knit her boyfriend a sweater. She taught herself how to knit and bought supplies. She finished the sweater just in time for her boyfriend's birthday. Jill was excited as she presented her boyfriend with her creation. Jill's boyfriend was delighted to receive a ticket to Disneyland.
0	Elaine was preparing an Easter basket for her niece. Elaine learned that her niece love Peppa Pig. Elaine went to the store and purchased several Peppa Pig items. After purchasing the items, Elaine assembled the Easter basket. Her niece hated the Easter basket.
1	Elaine was preparing an Easter basket for her niece. Elaine learned that her niece love Peppa Pig. Elaine went to the store and purchased several Peppa Pig items. After purchasing the items, Elaine assembled the Easter basket. Her niece saw the basket and hugged Elaine around the neck.
0	Megan owned an apple orchard. She needed to have some of her apple trees pruned. She called her neighbor Mark to see if she could borrow his saw. Mark said he would drop it off in the morning on his way to school. Megan chased Mark for a mile before he gave it back.
1	Megan owned an apple orchard. She needed to have some of her apple trees pruned. She called her neighbor Mark to see if she could borrow his saw. Mark said he would drop it off in the morning on his way to school. The next day mark brought her saw as promised.
1	Today I wrote a lot of stories. I sat down and thought about each one. Then, I typed it carefully into the boxes. Finally, I submitted the stories. I wanted to finish the project successfully.
0	Today I wrote a lot of stories. I sat down and thought about each one. Then, I typed it carefully into the boxes. Finally, I submitted the stories. I hoped my computer would erase my stories.
1	I got a cell phone case yesterday from the same place I got my phone. I dropped my phone two days later when I was walking down the street. Both the new case and my phone broke! I went back to the store to tell them the case doesn't work well. They gave me a refund for the case, but not the phone.
0	I got a cell phone case yesterday from the same place I got my phone. I dropped my phone two days later when I was walking down the street. Both the new case and my phone broke! I went back to the store to tell them the case doesn't work well. I comforted by cat after I stepped on her tail.
0	It was time for Carson to run a mile. He put on his running shoes. He started running along the sidewalk by his house. After running a half mile Carson was very tired. Carson finished the mile in record time.
1	It was time for Carson to run a mile. He put on his running shoes. He started running along the sidewalk by his house. After running a half mile Carson was very tired. Carson slowed his pace so that he could finish the mile.
0	Ed went to the supermarket with a stack of coupons. He loaded a cart with a lot of food. When he went to check out he took out his coupons. The coupons reduced the bill by a lot of money. Ed was surprised at how much the tools cost.
1	Ed went to the supermarket with a stack of coupons. He loaded a cart with a lot of food. When he went to check out he took out his coupons. The coupons reduced the bill by a lot of money. Ed was very happy about the money he'd saved.
0	Ivan broke his foot. He had to use a wheelchair for a few months. Finally his doctor told him he could walk again. Ivan stood up and took a few shaky steps. Ivan went sprinting through the forest.
1	Ivan broke his foot. He had to use a wheelchair for a few months. Finally his doctor told him he could walk again. Ivan stood up and took a few shaky steps. Ivan was happy to be on his feet again.
1	Janet was attending her last year at a University. She wanted to maintain her high GPA. Janet's professor told her that upcoming exams could impact her GPA. Janet began studying for an additional two hours each day. Janet's studying paid off and she passed the exams swimmingly.
0	Janet was attending her last year at a University. She wanted to maintain her high GPA. Janet's professor told her that upcoming exams could impact her GPA. Janet began studying for an additional two hours each day. Janet dropped out of university.
0	Troy started watching as many nature documentaries as he could.`. He had watched a great show on bactrian camels. That set him off on the nature doc kick. He started to bore his friends with too many nature facts. He decided he hated nature.
1	Troy started watching as many nature documentaries as he could.`. He had watched a great show on bactrian camels. That set him off on the nature doc kick. He started to bore his friends with too many nature facts. His friends still listened to be enlightened.
0	There was once a little kitten that did not have a home. The poor kitten walked around cold and hungry. One day, a nice lady let the kitten into her home. The woman gave the kitten food and a bed. The old woman released the cat into the streets.
1	There was once a little kitten that did not have a home. The poor kitten walked around cold and hungry. One day, a nice lady let the kitten into her home. The woman gave the kitten food and a bed. The kitten was happy to be adopted.
0	Jane was selling chocolate bars for high school band. She carried the chocolate in her backpack, but forgot to sell them. She often ate a bar after school, or during lunch. She realized the money for the bars were due, and she had eaten them! Jane was proud of what she had done.
1	Jane was selling chocolate bars for high school band. She carried the chocolate in her backpack, but forgot to sell them. She often ate a bar after school, or during lunch. She realized the money for the bars were due, and she had eaten them! Jane had to pay for the bars.
0	I looked in the cabinet for pie flavor. We didn't have any pie flavor. I went to the store but they were out of pie flavor. I made my pie without flavor anyway. My pie won a blue ribbon for most flavor in the baking contest.
1	I looked in the cabinet for pie flavor. We didn't have any pie flavor. I went to the store but they were out of pie flavor. I made my pie without flavor anyway. Predictably the pie was not flavorful.
1	Yesterday was Kelly's first concert. She was nervous to get on stage. As soon as she got on the audience applauded. Kelly was then happy. She couldn't wait to do it again.
0	Yesterday was Kelly's first concert. She was nervous to get on stage. As soon as she got on the audience applauded. Kelly was then happy. She decided never to play music again.
1	One day, my wife's sister came over to the house to show us her puppy. She told us that she had just gotten the puppy across the street. My sons begged me to get them one. I told them that if they would care for it, they could have it. My son said they would, so we got a dog.
0	One day, my wife's sister came over to the house to show us her puppy. She told us that she had just gotten the puppy across the street. My sons begged me to get them one. I told them that if they would care for it, they could have it. We then grabbed a small kitten.
1	Me and my girlfriend went to buffalo, New york. We then got to experience niagara falls. We walked around a lot then went on a boat. I took a lot of photographs. I had a great time.
0	Me and my girlfriend went to buffalo, New york. We then got to experience niagara falls. We walked around a lot then went on a boat. I took a lot of photographs. Next time I'll leave my girlfriend at home.
1	Bob decided to go camping. He forgot the mosquito spray. Consequently, many mosquitos bit Bob. Bob was infected with malaria. Bob got very sick, and learned a lesson.
0	Bob decided to go camping. He forgot the mosquito spray. Consequently, many mosquitos bit Bob. Bob was infected with malaria. Bob then felt much better.
0	Bob needed money. He decided to look for a part time job. He applied to five different places. One of them gave Bob an interview. Bob offered the applicant a job at his company.
1	Bob needed money. He decided to look for a part time job. He applied to five different places. One of them gave Bob an interview. Bob excelled in the interview and got the job.
0	My left computer speaker went out. I jiggled the wires on the speaker and computer. I shook the speaker violently. I slammed the speaker onto the desk a few times. The speaker fell off the roof.
1	My left computer speaker went out. I jiggled the wires on the speaker and computer. I shook the speaker violently. I slammed the speaker onto the desk a few times. But the speaker still did not work.
1	Keith wanted a puppy for his birthday. He dropped hints to his parents. But they did not seem to notice! Keith was not hopeful as he unwrapped his gifts. Unsurprisingly, no puppy was found.
0	Keith wanted a puppy for his birthday. He dropped hints to his parents. But they did not seem to notice! Keith was not hopeful as he unwrapped his gifts. Keith was happy because he got a new bike.
1	My niece just got engaged. She is Chinese and her fiance is Caucasian. Her parents had them over for a home cooked meal. The fiance got nausea from the unfamiliar dishes and had to leave. My niece was very upset that her fiance was sick.
0	My niece just got engaged. She is Chinese and her fiance is Caucasian. Her parents had them over for a home cooked meal. The fiance got nausea from the unfamiliar dishes and had to leave. My niece was thrilled that her fianc was sick.
0	Timmy felt that he was too shy. He couldn't talk to people he hadn't met before without difficulty. He joined a community service club to socialize. He met some great, nice people that became good friends of his. Timmy went on a vision quest in the desert.
1	Timmy felt that he was too shy. He couldn't talk to people he hadn't met before without difficulty. He joined a community service club to socialize. He met some great, nice people that became good friends of his. Timmy has become less shy now.
1	It had been snowing all night. The kids woke up early and asked their mom if school was cancelled. Mom said that school was closed today and that it was a snow day. The kids rushed to get their coats and winter gear on. They ran outside to play.
0	It had been snowing all night. The kids woke up early and asked their mom if school was cancelled. Mom said that school was closed today and that it was a snow day. The kids rushed to get their coats and winter gear on. They went back to their rooms to play video games.
0	Linda went on vacation and visited a beach. She collected a bunch of sea shells. Linda brought the shells home and made them into necklaces. She posted pictures and her friends loved them. She immediately removed the photos from her Facebook page.
1	Linda went on vacation and visited a beach. She collected a bunch of sea shells. Linda brought the shells home and made them into necklaces. She posted pictures and her friends loved them. They all began asking to her make necklaces for them.
0	Jimmy wanted a pet cat. He went to the animal shelter to acquire a pet cat. When Jimmy saw a black dog he was instantly smitten. The black dog jumped up and licked Jimmy's face. Jimmy hated cats.
1	Jimmy wanted a pet cat. He went to the animal shelter to acquire a pet cat. When Jimmy saw a black dog he was instantly smitten. The black dog jumped up and licked Jimmy's face. Jimmy adopted the dog.
1	I called the DMV yesterday to get a reinstated driver's license. They told me I would need to come in and fill out a form. After I left the house, I headed down to the dmv. I filled the form our promptly. The DMV decided to reinstate my driver's license.
0	I called the DMV yesterday to get a reinstated driver's license. They told me I would need to come in and fill out a form. After I left the house, I headed down to the dmv. I filled the form our promptly. The DMV said I did not need to fill out the form.
1	Tara wanted to buy a new shirt for her upcoming school formal. She went to the mall with her mom. They browsed shirts from a variety of stores. Tara picked out a floral patterned shirt that she liked best. Tara looked forward to wearing it.
0	Tara wanted to buy a new shirt for her upcoming school formal. She went to the mall with her mom. They browsed shirts from a variety of stores. Tara picked out a floral patterned shirt that she liked best. Tara's mother wore the shirt the day of the prom.
1	Sigmund  could not help but read too deep into everything. His friend told him about one of his dreams concerning a bird. Sigmund told his friend that he must feel trapped and desire escape. His friend found this unpleasant, and distanced himself from Sigmund. Sigmund learned to keep some thoughts to himself.
0	Sigmund  could not help but read too deep into everything. His friend told him about one of his dreams concerning a bird. Sigmund told his friend that he must feel trapped and desire escape. His friend found this unpleasant, and distanced himself from Sigmund. Sigmund and his friend moved in together as roommates.
1	Sarah was notorious for overpacking. This year she decided to only take one piece of luggage. She picked the biggest one she had. She selected items carefully. Sarah was able to under pack for a change.
0	Sarah was notorious for overpacking. This year she decided to only take one piece of luggage. She picked the biggest one she had. She selected items carefully. Sarah tried to fit all her pets into the kennel.
1	Anthony was nervous for the big rugby match. His team was playing their rivals in the league. As the game began, the rival team quickly took the lead. Anthony and his team worked extra hard to fight back. His team managed to secure a narrow victory.
0	Anthony was nervous for the big rugby match. His team was playing their rivals in the league. As the game began, the rival team quickly took the lead. Anthony and his team worked extra hard to fight back. His team gave up because they saw no way to win.
1	Laurie came home from the store one day and saw the door open. She was suspicious and called the police. When they arrived, they found a woman inside, stealing jewelry. She was arrested and they found many other stolen items with her. Laurie was glad the police came quickly.
0	Laurie came home from the store one day and saw the door open. She was suspicious and called the police. When they arrived, they found a woman inside, stealing jewelry. She was arrested and they found many other stolen items with her. Laurie invited the woman to dinner.
0	Sarah and Dan were looking for a new apartment. Their friend heard about this process. He wanted to live with them in the new city. He got a job in the same city. Sarah and Dan's friend wasn't close to them.
1	Sarah and Dan were looking for a new apartment. Their friend heard about this process. He wanted to live with them in the new city. He got a job in the same city. Sarah and Dan had a loyal friend.
0	Jenny had a big crush on Leroy. They were at the school dance. She mustered up her courage to ask him for a dance. He told her no and laughed with his friends. She laughed in Leroy's' face.
1	Jenny had a big crush on Leroy. They were at the school dance. She mustered up her courage to ask him for a dance. He told her no and laughed with his friends. She ran away and cried to her mom.
0	James was very low on money and needed food. So he decided to count his pennies and see what he came up with. He came up with three dollars and eight cents. But then he remembered he had a visa gift card from his birthday! James did not have any money.
1	James was very low on money and needed food. So he decided to count his pennies and see what he came up with. He came up with three dollars and eight cents. But then he remembered he had a visa gift card from his birthday! James was then able to buy himself food.
0	Susie drives a long way to work everyday. She noticed a dark spot where she parks in the driveway. Since she was concerned, she took her car to a mechanic. The mechanic told her that she had an oil leak. Susie was excited by the great news.
1	Susie drives a long way to work everyday. She noticed a dark spot where she parks in the driveway. Since she was concerned, she took her car to a mechanic. The mechanic told her that she had an oil leak. Susie started thinking about getting new car.
0	Victor had always thought that he needed a rice cooker to make rice. One day his friend tells him that rice can be made in any pan. At first he doesn't believe this, but one day he tries making it. Victor's rice comes out perfectly cooked! Victor was not surprised.
1	Victor had always thought that he needed a rice cooker to make rice. One day his friend tells him that rice can be made in any pan. At first he doesn't believe this, but one day he tries making it. Victor's rice comes out perfectly cooked! Victor was amazed.
0	Bob bought a new fridge. He moved all the stuff from the old fridge into the new one. Unfortunately, Bob forgot to turn the fridge on. All the food was spoiled overnight. Bob was overjoyed when he opened the fridge.
1	Bob bought a new fridge. He moved all the stuff from the old fridge into the new one. Unfortunately, Bob forgot to turn the fridge on. All the food was spoiled overnight. Bob was very upset when he woke up.
1	Amy watched all the shows she wanted on Hulu. She wasn't using it anymore so she cancelled her subscription. A week after cancelling one of her favorite shows was added to Hulu. She decided to restart her membership. Now she is also watching new shows and loves Hulu!
0	Amy watched all the shows she wanted on Hulu. She wasn't using it anymore so she cancelled her subscription. A week after cancelling one of her favorite shows was added to Hulu. She decided to restart her membership. But then she decided not to watch her favorite show.
1	Gina was at her grandpa's funeral. She didn't want to see the body. But her mother insisted they all view it. Gina tried, but was unable to talk her way out of it. Gina went up to her grandpa and saw he was finally at peace.
0	Gina was at her grandpa's funeral. She didn't want to see the body. But her mother insisted they all view it. Gina tried, but was unable to talk her way out of it. Gina became excited to see her grandpa.
0	Bod and Sally have been married for over 50 years. There anniversary is coming up soon. Their daughter decided to throw them a party. The celebration theme was Memory Lane. Bod and Sally decided abandon their daughter.
1	Bod and Sally have been married for over 50 years. There anniversary is coming up soon. Their daughter decided to throw them a party. The celebration theme was Memory Lane. Bod and Sally had a great time at their party.
0	I was more nervous for the first day of college than of Kindergarten. I cried the night before and was shaking that morning. My first class was Spanish and the professor was very enthusiastic. I left with a smile on my face and feeling confident. I broke down in tears and skipped the rest of my classes.
1	I was more nervous for the first day of college than of Kindergarten. I cried the night before and was shaking that morning. My first class was Spanish and the professor was very enthusiastic. I left with a smile on my face and feeling confident. That positive attitude remained with me all day.
1	Genny put the final touches on her float. Paper roses and flowing tassels made it look cheery and bright. She proudly pulled into her spot in the parade. It suddenly started to rain. Her float was ruined.
0	Genny put the final touches on her float. Paper roses and flowing tassels made it look cheery and bright. She proudly pulled into her spot in the parade. It suddenly started to rain. She drank the root beer float.
1	At the amusement park Amy and Beth wanted to ride the Pirate Ship. They were brave in line, but were scared as the boarded the ride. Amy and Beth as next to each other and held hands. When the ride began Beth screamed and bit Amy's arm. After the ride, Amy had to go to first aid center.
0	At the amusement park Amy and Beth wanted to ride the Pirate Ship. They were brave in line, but were scared as the boarded the ride. Amy and Beth as next to each other and held hands. When the ride began Beth screamed and bit Amy's arm. Beth and Amy decided to go on the ride a second time.
0	A car was driving across this abandoned road. A deer ended up moving out of the vines. Since the driver was scared by the deer, he didn't hesitate to stop. The deer died from injury. The driver laughed the whole way home.
1	A car was driving across this abandoned road. A deer ended up moving out of the vines. Since the driver was scared by the deer, he didn't hesitate to stop. The deer died from injury. The driver drove off shaken, but unhurt.
1	Sue got a white bunny for Easter. She named him Fred. About two weeks after she got him, Sue got a big surprise. There were five baby bunnies in the hutch with Fred. Fred must be a female rabbit.
0	Sue got a white bunny for Easter. She named him Fred. About two weeks after she got him, Sue got a big surprise. There were five baby bunnies in the hutch with Fred. Fred was a male rabbit.
1	Haley went to Target one morning. She saw a new mom with a baby. The baby's car seat was balanced on the shopping cart. Haley watched the car seat wobble. Haley reached out to save the baby.
0	Haley went to Target one morning. She saw a new mom with a baby. The baby's car seat was balanced on the shopping cart. Haley watched the car seat wobble. Haley is a cat person.
1	Tom's favorite team was playing in the playoff games. He ran home to turn on the television just in time. He watched the game and cheered when his team made a touchdown. His team won the game. Tom was happy.
0	Tom's favorite team was playing in the playoff games. He ran home to turn on the television just in time. He watched the game and cheered when his team made a touchdown. His team won the game. Tom was sad.
0	My kids had head lice a while back. All four of them got it. We had to clean the entire house. We treated their hair twice to make sure it was gone. I punished my kids by grounding them for a long time.
1	My kids had head lice a while back. All four of them got it. We had to clean the entire house. We treated their hair twice to make sure it was gone. The source of the lice was never determined.
0	I was feeling really crappy one day. I felt sick like I was about to faint. I went to the hospital, and stayed overnight. I was so antsy, because they had no answers for me. I felt relieved and satisfied.
1	I was feeling really crappy one day. I felt sick like I was about to faint. I went to the hospital, and stayed overnight. I was so antsy, because they had no answers for me. I decided to get a second opinion from a different hospital.
1	Norm was having a very bad day yesterday. He was sitting at home when he heard a knock at the door. There was a package waiting on his doorstep. Norm opened the package to find a gift from his mother. The gift made Norm's day a lot better.
0	Norm was having a very bad day yesterday. He was sitting at home when he heard a knock at the door. There was a package waiting on his doorstep. Norm opened the package to find a gift from his mother. Norm thought the gift was terrible.
0	Jan wanted to cook breakfast but she didn't know how. Sue helped her. They made toast, eggs, hashbrowns, and bacon. It looked delicious. Jan refused to eat.
1	Jan wanted to cook breakfast but she didn't know how. Sue helped her. They made toast, eggs, hashbrowns, and bacon. It looked delicious. Jan had fun cooking.
1	Rose wanted to go to the award ceremony. She didn't have anything appropriate to wear to such an occasion. She called a friend and asked if she could borrow her nicest dress. The friend invited her over and Rose looked through her wardrobe. She picked a beautiful dress.
0	Rose wanted to go to the award ceremony. She didn't have anything appropriate to wear to such an occasion. She called a friend and asked if she could borrow her nicest dress. The friend invited her over and Rose looked through her wardrobe. Rose was very upset with her friend.
1	Seven men went to the river. Joe was the youngest, full of pride. He jumped in the water, even though he knew that he couldn't swim well. The tide was too strong for him. The oldest man had to save Joe.
0	Seven men went to the river. Joe was the youngest, full of pride. He jumped in the water, even though he knew that he couldn't swim well. The tide was too strong for him. Joe loved the trip to the river.
1	I decided after being a fan for along time to begin a fan club. I asked all of my friends to join and sent emails out. It wasn't long before I had people interested! We scheduled a day to meet and discuss the beginnings. I brought lots of snacks and drinks for the meeting.
0	I decided after being a fan for along time to begin a fan club. I asked all of my friends to join and sent emails out. It wasn't long before I had people interested! We scheduled a day to meet and discuss the beginnings. Everyone was sad that I brought snacks and drinks.
1	It was Kathy's first day on the job. This was her very first job and she was excited. She made sure to look her best and have her best foot forward. When Kathy arrived she was greeted with open arms. She loved her job and ended up staying for 3 years.
0	It was Kathy's first day on the job. This was her very first job and she was excited. She made sure to look her best and have her best foot forward. When Kathy arrived she was greeted with open arms. She was repulsed, and ran all the way home.
0	Jenny felt something wiggling around in her mouth. It was her first loose tooth. She didn't tell anyone because she knew they'd try to pull it out. After about a week, she proudly showed her mom the tooth in her hand. Jenny was sad because her tooth was pulled.
1	Jenny felt something wiggling around in her mouth. It was her first loose tooth. She didn't tell anyone because she knew they'd try to pull it out. After about a week, she proudly showed her mom the tooth in her hand. Jenny's mom congratulated her.
1	Ora had to get a false tooth and she was sad. She thought it would be ugly and she would be mocked. Then she saw the tooth the dentist had put in. It looked exactly like her other teeth! Ora was happy with her new smile.
0	Ora had to get a false tooth and she was sad. She thought it would be ugly and she would be mocked. Then she saw the tooth the dentist had put in. It looked exactly like her other teeth! Ora decided to never smile again.
0	Brady came across a yard sale by one of his neighbor's house. They were giving away some personal belongings that are old. He found this set of clothes that he was interested in. The neighbor told him that it was $30 dollars for all three shirts. Brady decided to go for a run.
1	Brady came across a yard sale by one of his neighbor's house. They were giving away some personal belongings that are old. He found this set of clothes that he was interested in. The neighbor told him that it was $30 dollars for all three shirts. Brady decided not to buy the shirts.
1	Kim was going to the mall with her aunt to see Santa. They arrived at the mall and could see the line from the parking lot. They waited in line for two hours. When it was Kim's turn she was afraid of Santa. Kim insisted her mother come with her.
0	Kim was going to the mall with her aunt to see Santa. They arrived at the mall and could see the line from the parking lot. They waited in line for two hours. When it was Kim's turn she was afraid of Santa. Kim gave Santa a big hug.
1	Terry was a popular, good looking classmate of mine. He was loved by all the girls. One day, I heard that he was shot and killed. He was the first person I knew who had been murdered. I couldn't eat all day from shock.
0	Terry was a popular, good looking classmate of mine. He was loved by all the girls. One day, I heard that he was shot and killed. He was the first person I knew who had been murdered. I was the only person who was sad.
1	A strange structure appeared on the outside of Connie's house one day. After some inspection, Connie realized it was a wasp nest. She called an exterminator to come get them. The exterminator came and got rid of the wasps quickly. Connie was happy that the nest was gone.
0	A strange structure appeared on the outside of Connie's house one day. After some inspection, Connie realized it was a wasp nest. She called an exterminator to come get them. The exterminator came and got rid of the wasps quickly. Connie decided to buy a pet cat.
0	Jennifer was bored one Saturday. She decided to alleviate her boredom with a hike. She drove to a national park to go hiking. Jennifer hiked for hours. Jennifer thought hiking was stupid.
1	Jennifer was bored one Saturday. She decided to alleviate her boredom with a hike. She drove to a national park to go hiking. Jennifer hiked for hours. Jennifer was tired when she finished.
1	Faye was completely broke and the bills were piling up. She had a recurring medical problem and the treatment was not cheap. In desperation, she considered stealing from a friend of hers. Before going through with it, she applied for government aid. Faye's friend offered a loan as she waited for the aid to arrive.
0	Faye was completely broke and the bills were piling up. She had a recurring medical problem and the treatment was not cheap. In desperation, she considered stealing from a friend of hers. Before going through with it, she applied for government aid. Faye wished she hadn't stolen the check from her friend.
0	Trina was trying to lose weight. Because of this, she would have a salad every day for lunch. However, she was really starting to get sick of them. So one day, she went and got fast food. Trina was happy that she maintained her diet.
1	Trina was trying to lose weight. Because of this, she would have a salad every day for lunch. However, she was really starting to get sick of them. So one day, she went and got fast food. Trina regretted what she did.
1	Jan took her parents to the rodeo when they visited. She was thrilled to find room to sit in the front row. Jan's mom opened her mouth in awe as the horses galloped by. Just then, the horses' feet threw up a spray of dirt and dung. Jan's mom quickly ducked, so the dirt and dung missed her face.
0	Jan took her parents to the rodeo when they visited. She was thrilled to find room to sit in the front row. Jan's mom opened her mouth in awe as the horses galloped by. Just then, the horses' feet threw up a spray of dirt and dung. Jan was excited to see dirt and dung fly into her mom's mouth.
1	The man was walking his puppy without a leash. The puppy usually followed him. One day the man was crossing an intersection with a lot of cars. The puppy ran ahead. The poor puppy was hit by a car.
0	The man was walking his puppy without a leash. The puppy usually followed him. One day the man was crossing an intersection with a lot of cars. The puppy ran ahead. The man turned and went home alone.
1	Yesterday I made a massive mistake. I decided to defrost a hot pepper in the microwave. To my dismay the pepper caught on fire. I was horrified. The hardest part was eating it while it burned.
0	Yesterday I made a massive mistake. I decided to defrost a hot pepper in the microwave. To my dismay the pepper caught on fire. I was horrified. I put another one in the microwave to defrost.
1	Janel was driving to the office when she heard a loud bang. Suddenly the car began to vibrate very heavily. Janel put on her hazard lights and pulled over. Upon inspection, she found she had a flat tire. Jane changed her tire and drove to the office.
0	Janel was driving to the office when she heard a loud bang. Suddenly the car began to vibrate very heavily. Janel put on her hazard lights and pulled over. Upon inspection, she found she had a flat tire. Jane changed all four tires,
0	Jake loved to travel. He was planning a hiking trip to Montana. He bought lots of camping gear to prepare for the trip. Jake learned he couldn't go on the trip due to a business meeting. He was so excited.
1	Jake loved to travel. He was planning a hiking trip to Montana. He bought lots of camping gear to prepare for the trip. Jake learned he couldn't go on the trip due to a business meeting. He was very upset.
1	Kaylee owned a ferret who always ran free around the house. One day she could not find her ferret. She put flyers all over the neighborhood. There was a knock at the door three days later. Someone found her ferret.
0	Kaylee owned a ferret who always ran free around the house. One day she could not find her ferret. She put flyers all over the neighborhood. There was a knock at the door three days later. The mailman delivered a parcel.
0	Amy was moving out of town. The best part was quitting her horrible job. She walked into her boss's office with her head high. She firmly told him she was quitting. She cried after losing her job.
1	Amy was moving out of town. The best part was quitting her horrible job. She walked into her boss's office with her head high. She firmly told him she was quitting. She laughed on her way out the door.
0	Amy was swimming in the ocean on her vacation. Suddenly she felt a horrible sting. Looking down, she saw a jellyfish swimming away. Amy crawled onto the beach in agony. Amy felt much better.
1	Amy was swimming in the ocean on her vacation. Suddenly she felt a horrible sting. Looking down, she saw a jellyfish swimming away. Amy crawled onto the beach in agony. Amy went to the doctor for treatment.
0	Shay was meeting with a woman who wanted to hire a nanny. They met in a Starbucks and ordered some drinks. With their drinks, they sat down and got to know each other. Finally, the woman offered Shay the position. Shay refused the woman's offer.
1	Shay was meeting with a woman who wanted to hire a nanny. They met in a Starbucks and ordered some drinks. With their drinks, they sat down and got to know each other. Finally, the woman offered Shay the position. Shay was thrilled.
1	My friend is easily offended. I say things that are offensive. The other day we were hanging out. I said something offensive and he got upset. I apologized and my friend forgave me.
0	My friend is easily offended. I say things that are offensive. The other day we were hanging out. I said something offensive and he got upset. My friend gave me a big smile and a hug.
0	Doreen loved orange flavored ice cream. One day when she was playing Doreen fell. She broke her leg and was crying a lot. Doreen's mom wanted to make her feel better. Doreen's mom laughed and made fun of her.
1	Doreen loved orange flavored ice cream. One day when she was playing Doreen fell. She broke her leg and was crying a lot. Doreen's mom wanted to make her feel better. Doreen's mom gave her orange flavored ice cream.
0	Tim's girlfriend loves romantic gestures. Time is very bad at them. Last week he took her out to dinner and bought her flowers. It was nice and sweet. Tim's girlfriend was upset because of his gesture.
1	Tim's girlfriend loves romantic gestures. Time is very bad at them. Last week he took her out to dinner and bought her flowers. It was nice and sweet. Tim seemed to get better at romantic gestures.
1	Eric was walking around a pond at a local park. He saw a turtle on a rock a few feet from the shore. He stepped into the water to try to catch the turtle. Suddenly, he sank knee deep into the mud and got stuck. Someone walking on the shore ran over to rescue Eric.
0	Eric was walking around a pond at a local park. He saw a turtle on a rock a few feet from the shore. He stepped into the water to try to catch the turtle. Suddenly, he sank knee deep into the mud and got stuck. Eric rescued the turtle from the deep mud.
1	I went to the store to buy some paper. The clerk looked at me weird when I brought it up. He run it up anyways. As I left the store, I realized why he looked at me weird. The paper I bought was for little kids.
0	I went to the store to buy some paper. The clerk looked at me weird when I brought it up. He run it up anyways. As I left the store, I realized why he looked at me weird. The paper I bought was a reasonable purchase.
1	Ted tried out for the baseball team at school. He did not make the team though. His coach told him he needed to be able to it the ball better. Teddy spent the next year practicing his baseball swing. He tried out for the team again and this time, he made it.
0	Ted tried out for the baseball team at school. He did not make the team though. His coach told him he needed to be able to it the ball better. Teddy spent the next year practicing his baseball swing. The following year, he easily made the swim team.
1	Last christmas my family decided to decorate. It was the first time we ever did. We bought a lot of different items. Everyone helped put things up. It was nice to all decorate together.
0	Last christmas my family decided to decorate. It was the first time we ever did. We bought a lot of different items. Everyone helped put things up. I had to do everything myself.
1	Javier thought that motorcycles seemed very cool. His parents warned him that motorcycles were very dangerous. Still, he bought a motorcycle and began taking lessons. Now he drives his motorcycle to work every day. He loves his bike.
0	Javier thought that motorcycles seemed very cool. His parents warned him that motorcycles were very dangerous. Still, he bought a motorcycle and began taking lessons. Now he drives his motorcycle to work every day. He sold his bike for a car.
0	Kate went on her very first date with Rich. They went to a steakhouse, but Kate was a vegetarian. Rich spent the whole night talking about himself. At the end of the date, he asked Kate to pay for her dinner. Kate had a great time on the date.
1	Kate went on her very first date with Rich. They went to a steakhouse, but Kate was a vegetarian. Rich spent the whole night talking about himself. At the end of the date, he asked Kate to pay for her dinner. Kate decided to not date rich again.
0	Year's ago I wondered what was my life's purpose. I volunteered my for services for many social organizations. I learned I like helping people bring about change. I discovered I wanted to help resolve many of the world's problems. I became a shark on Wall Street.
1	Year's ago I wondered what was my life's purpose. I volunteered my for services for many social organizations. I learned I like helping people bring about change. I discovered I wanted to help resolve many of the world's problems. I devoted my life to helping others.
1	The Smith's house was in sad shape. They had been saving for a renovation and today was the day. All the old and dreary looking parts of the house were redone. The builders did an amazing job. They had a happy dinner in the kitchen,
0	The Smith's house was in sad shape. They had been saving for a renovation and today was the day. All the old and dreary looking parts of the house were redone. The builders did an amazing job. The Smiths were mad at the builders.
1	Every year the smiths go on a camping trip. This year they decided to go to Colorado to camp. The family took the trailer and the goods to go. The kids were excited. It was a great trip and they had a good time.
0	Every year the smiths go on a camping trip. This year they decided to go to Colorado to camp. The family took the trailer and the goods to go. The kids were excited. They decided to cancel the vacation.
0	I was tired of working at Walmart. The hours were bad. The store music was awful. I handed my two weeks in to the manager. I put in an application at Walmart.
1	I was tired of working at Walmart. The hours were bad. The store music was awful. I handed my two weeks in to the manager. I then found another job and was happy.
1	My dad was babysitting me while my mom was out of town. I decided to go play with kids at the playground. The kids immediately threw dirt in my hair and my eyes. I ran home and my dad washed me and my hair. I decided to never play with those kids again.
0	My dad was babysitting me while my mom was out of town. I decided to go play with kids at the playground. The kids immediately threw dirt in my hair and my eyes. I ran home and my dad washed me and my hair. My mother then dried me off.
1	Brad was excited for his first amateur mixed martial arts fight. He invited all of his friends and family to watch him compete. The night of the fight Brad was confident as he marched into the ring. The first round didn't goal well though, and Brad's face was busted up Brad lost his match and his family thought less of him.
0	Brad was excited for his first amateur mixed martial arts fight. He invited all of his friends and family to watch him compete. The night of the fight Brad was confident as he marched into the ring. The first round didn't goal well though, and Brad's face was busted up Brad put on a hot dog uniform and became a baseball mascot.
1	Tommy had always dreamed of having a dog. He begged his parents to get one. Finally on Tommy's birthday, his parents gave him a dog! Tommy named his dog Spot. Tommy and Spot became best friends.
0	Tommy had always dreamed of having a dog. He begged his parents to get one. Finally on Tommy's birthday, his parents gave him a dog! Tommy named his dog Spot. Tommy was very sad that his parents did not buy him a cat.
0	Six year old Joe came home with ripped pants. He also gave his parents a note saying he had misbehaved. Joe's father yelled at him. Joe's mother gave him a hug and asked for an explanation. Joe said nothing special happened that day.
1	Six year old Joe came home with ripped pants. He also gave his parents a note saying he had misbehaved. Joe's father yelled at him. Joe's mother gave him a hug and asked for an explanation. Joe admitted it was all his fault.
0	Marco feels very tired this afternoon at work. He decides he needs to make a pot of coffee. He brews a very strong pot of coffee and has a first cup. Finally he feels a little bit less tired. Marco goes to sleep.
1	Marco feels very tired this afternoon at work. He decides he needs to make a pot of coffee. He brews a very strong pot of coffee and has a first cup. Finally he feels a little bit less tired. He has a very productive day.
1	Last Christmas was so special, because my new niece was born. The whole family was brought together to see her. I bought tiny, new baby clothes for her. Her birth brought the family closer than it's ever been. My niece touched my heart.
0	Last Christmas was so special, because my new niece was born. The whole family was brought together to see her. I bought tiny, new baby clothes for her. Her birth brought the family closer than it's ever been. Our family decided to put my niece up for adoption.
0	My brother had a lot of candy after Halloween. However, he didn't like candy. So, he decided to give his candy away. He gave his candy to his neighbors, who had a lot of children. My brother then demanded the candy back.
1	My brother had a lot of candy after Halloween. However, he didn't like candy. So, he decided to give his candy away. He gave his candy to his neighbors, who had a lot of children. The family and children were grateful to my brother.
1	Ted had a laptop that he used to work. One day while working, the laptop crashed. Ted tried everything he could, but the laptop wouldn't turn on. Ted finally borrowed a friend's computer to go online and buy another. Ted waited for the new computer to arrive.
0	Ted had a laptop that he used to work. One day while working, the laptop crashed. Ted tried everything he could, but the laptop wouldn't turn on. Ted finally borrowed a friend's computer to go online and buy another. Ted didn't really need a computer.
0	Gina walked home as the sun was setting. It was 8 PM and it was still blazing hot outside. Gina had no where to go but home. In the house the fans in the windows did nothing the kill the heat. Gina decided to go jogging.
1	Gina walked home as the sun was setting. It was 8 PM and it was still blazing hot outside. Gina had no where to go but home. In the house the fans in the windows did nothing the kill the heat. Gina wished she could afford an air conditioner.
0	It was a rivalry hockey game. The blues were playing the blackhawks. The blackhawks scored 5 in the first period. The Blues Trailed by 3 in the third period. The Blues won the baseball game.
1	It was a rivalry hockey game. The blues were playing the blackhawks. The blackhawks scored 5 in the first period. The Blues Trailed by 3 in the third period. By the end of the match, the Blackhawks won.
1	Jon woke up and went to his living room. His dog was still sleeping. Jon decided to wake up his dog. His dog refused to wake up. Jon was very worried.
0	Jon woke up and went to his living room. His dog was still sleeping. Jon decided to wake up his dog. His dog refused to wake up. Jon shrugged and never petted his dog again.
0	Jeff started a new job where he would start at four in the morning. The night before he was so nervous that he set three alarms. He was worried he wouldn't wake up that early. That thought stayed with him all night and he barely slept. Jeff was very rested in the morning.
1	Jeff started a new job where he would start at four in the morning. The night before he was so nervous that he set three alarms. He was worried he wouldn't wake up that early. That thought stayed with him all night and he barely slept. Jeff was tired in the morning.
1	I purchased a T-Shirt on Ebay. Since my screen's brightness was low, I didn't see the shirt's color. The package came during the end up the week. I decided to open the box quickly. The t-shirt was a terrible color and I hated it.
0	I purchased a T-Shirt on Ebay. Since my screen's brightness was low, I didn't see the shirt's color. The package came during the end up the week. I decided to open the box quickly. The t-shirt was a terrible color and I loved it.
0	Marle was a doctor. She performed surgery on Mister Pink. She took out Mister Pink's appendix and stitched him up. But Mister Pink was there for a vasectomy. Mister Pink thanked Marie for her help.
1	Marle was a doctor. She performed surgery on Mister Pink. She took out Mister Pink's appendix and stitched him up. But Mister Pink was there for a vasectomy. Mister Pink suede Marie for malpractice.
1	Jerry was running for class president. He ran a dirty campaign against his opponent. He made up lies and spread rumors. He won by a landslide. But he felt guilty.
0	Jerry was running for class president. He ran a dirty campaign against his opponent. He made up lies and spread rumors. He won by a landslide. Jerry loved pizza.
1	Terry had to catch a bus to make it to work on time. However, she met a series of misfortunes on morning. She lost her shoes and her keys. As she walked to the bus stop, she saw the bus starting to pull away. Mary missed the bus and had to walk to her destination.
0	Terry had to catch a bus to make it to work on time. However, she met a series of misfortunes on morning. She lost her shoes and her keys. As she walked to the bus stop, she saw the bus starting to pull away. Mary got on a plane to go to her destination.
1	Tom was jealous of his brother. His brother was older and stronger. His brother went wherever he wanted. One day his brother was grounded for staying out too late. This made Tom really happy.
0	Tom was jealous of his brother. His brother was older and stronger. His brother went wherever he wanted. One day his brother was grounded for staying out too late. My brother wore a red shirt.
1	Tom was running in the park. His shoe laces became undone and he tripped and fell. Tom noticed people laughing at him when he got up. He went to a shoe store and bought shoes with a velcro strap. Tom never had to worry about laces again.
0	Tom was running in the park. His shoe laces became undone and he tripped and fell. Tom noticed people laughing at him when he got up. He went to a shoe store and bought shoes with a velcro strap. Tom's shoelaces started coming untied more often.
0	The shoe store salesman was rude to me the other day. I told him his attitude was out of line. He quickly lead me out the store. I wrote a letter regarding my experience to the local paper. The shoe store gained several customers.
1	The shoe store salesman was rude to me the other day. I told him his attitude was out of line. He quickly lead me out the store. I wrote a letter regarding my experience to the local paper. The shoe store lost many customers.
0	Shy Anna was not very popular in high school. People thought she was too boring. Little did they know, by night she was a guitarist in a local band. Soon her band was garnering national attention. That was why no one liked her.
1	Shy Anna was not very popular in high school. People thought she was too boring. Little did they know, by night she was a guitarist in a local band. Soon her band was garnering national attention. Soon people discovered who she was and loved her.
1	I got some bad news this morning. My lifelong friend Stacy was moving to Europe. As I hung the phone up, I started to cry. I spent all morning going through old picture albums. I will miss Stacy a lot.
0	I got some bad news this morning. My lifelong friend Stacy was moving to Europe. As I hung the phone up, I started to cry. I spent all morning going through old picture albums. I hope Stacy invests in gold or another precious metal.
1	Sal the radio DJ queued up his music for the night and sat down. His assistant said they were having computer issues that day. Sal tried to fix it himself but he could not play any songs. Instead he just spoke to his listeners for two hours. They loved it.
0	Sal the radio DJ queued up his music for the night and sat down. His assistant said they were having computer issues that day. Sal tried to fix it himself but he could not play any songs. Instead he just spoke to his listeners for two hours. Sal was unemployed.
0	Greg was a nurse. Some people called him a murse. He hated that term because it was stupid and insulting. He punched each of them in the face. Greg was promoted by his manager.
1	Greg was a nurse. Some people called him a murse. He hated that term because it was stupid and insulting. He punched each of them in the face. Greg was then fired from his job for being too violent.
0	Brian was a highschool student who felt sure of his intelligence. He had a big test coming up but felt sure that he would pass. Brian did not study for the test. When Brian took the test, he realized he was unprepared. Brian's teacher praised Brian's performance on the test.
1	Brian was a highschool student who felt sure of his intelligence. He had a big test coming up but felt sure that he would pass. Brian did not study for the test. When Brian took the test, he realized he was unprepared. Brian felt lucky that he got a C on the test.
0	Artie had a baseball he had acquired as a child. His father had given it to him as a gift. Artie decided to give it to his son as a heirloom. His son lost the ball one day at the park. Artie was glad this happened.
1	Artie had a baseball he had acquired as a child. His father had given it to him as a gift. Artie decided to give it to his son as a heirloom. His son lost the ball one day at the park. Artie was quite upset.
1	I wrote a prompt and posted it online. Readers of my prompt wanted more. I wrote a short story that expanded on the prompt. My prompt readers grew and they wanted even more. I decided to start a blog.
0	I wrote a prompt and posted it online. Readers of my prompt wanted more. I wrote a short story that expanded on the prompt. My prompt readers grew and they wanted even more. I decided I wasn't a good writer.
1	James was having a girl over for dinner. He was excited but nervous about cooking a meal. After looking up recipes, he went to the store and got ingredients. He went home and cooked a very nice meal for two. James was proud of himself.
0	James was having a girl over for dinner. He was excited but nervous about cooking a meal. After looking up recipes, he went to the store and got ingredients. He went home and cooked a very nice meal for two. James was ashamed.
1	Danny was craving a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He got out his bread and put on the peanut butter. Quickly after he remembered he didn't have jelly. Instead of going to store, he just ate it as is. Danny loved peanut butter anyway.
0	Danny was craving a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He got out his bread and put on the peanut butter. Quickly after he remembered he didn't have jelly. Instead of going to store, he just ate it as is. Danny hated peanut butter.
0	Timmy was going to die of bone cancer. There is no known cure. His final wish is to meet his Idol. His favorite singer, Billy Idol. Timmy was upset that Billy Idol would visit him.
1	Timmy was going to die of bone cancer. There is no known cure. His final wish is to meet his Idol. His favorite singer, Billy Idol. Timmy got to meet Billy Idol.
1	My boyfriend took me to Amsterdam for New Years. It was extremely romantic. We watched the fireworks from our hotel room. Afterwards, we took a steaming hot bath together. The bath relaxed us and we went to sleep.
0	My boyfriend took me to Amsterdam for New Years. It was extremely romantic. We watched the fireworks from our hotel room. Afterwards, we took a steaming hot bath together. We decided to never come to Amsterdam again.
0	Fred went on vacation. He got on the bus and headed to Miami! He got some sun on the beach! He ate lots of fish! Fred felt agitated.
1	Fred went on vacation. He got on the bus and headed to Miami! He got some sun on the beach! He ate lots of fish! Fred felt relaxed.
0	Candace is excited that she has moved into her own apartment. She decides to throw a party to celebrate. Candace makes food and invites her friends and sister. Everyone loves Candace's new apartment. Candice was sad that people didn't like her apartment.
1	Candace is excited that she has moved into her own apartment. She decides to throw a party to celebrate. Candace makes food and invites her friends and sister. Everyone loves Candace's new apartment. Candice was happy that people liked her apartment.
1	Tim stepped out to check the mailbox. He didn't close the door all the way. His dog shot out at a full run. Tim tried to catch him but it was too late. Tim had to get the car to find his dog.
0	Tim stepped out to check the mailbox. He didn't close the door all the way. His dog shot out at a full run. Tim tried to catch him but it was too late. Tim was relieved his dog ran out.
1	Tony wanted to make french fries. He bought a big bag of potatoes. Then, he cut the potatoes into strips. He fried the potatoes into french fries. After all of his work, he had very tasty french fries to eat.
0	Tony wanted to make french fries. He bought a big bag of potatoes. Then, he cut the potatoes into strips. He fried the potatoes into french fries. Tony then ate the small casserole.
1	Mary was unhappy. She saw the weather forecast for her prom, and it said rainy. The dance was outdoors and rainy would ruin it! But then on prom night, the weather cleared. Mary had a wonderful time at prom.
0	Mary was unhappy. She saw the weather forecast for her prom, and it said rainy. The dance was outdoors and rainy would ruin it! But then on prom night, the weather cleared. Mary stayed home due to the weather.
1	Bob dropped off his car to get an oil change. When he got his car back it started to sound funny. Smoke began to come out of his car. The mechanic forgot to put oil in his car. Bob was livid!
0	Bob dropped off his car to get an oil change. When he got his car back it started to sound funny. Smoke began to come out of his car. The mechanic forgot to put oil in his car. The mechanic was given a promotion.
1	Susan was five Year's old when she got her first puppy. She named the puppy Sammy. Sammy was a black Poodle. Susan mom bought her another puppy so Sammy would have a playmate. Sammy got along really well with the new puppy.
0	Susan was five Year's old when she got her first puppy. She named the puppy Sammy. Sammy was a black Poodle. Susan mom bought her another puppy so Sammy would have a playmate. Susan got rid of her other dog when she got a new puppy.
0	Anna was craving candy. She had none in her house! She was desperate for junk food. She went next door and asked her neighbor. Anna does not have neighbors.
1	Anna was craving candy. She had none in her house! She was desperate for junk food. She went next door and asked her neighbor. Her neighbor gave her a candy bar.
1	Dave painted in his bed. The splashed some blue on the canvas. The canvas then needed some red! He then threw in some yellow paint! His attempt to fix the painting failed!
0	Dave painted in his bed. The splashed some blue on the canvas. The canvas then needed some red! He then threw in some yellow paint! The painting turned bright pink!
0	Aaron sipped a fruity drink on the beach. He had been waiting for this vacation for months. Out of nowhere, a volleyball slammed into his lap. His drink was knocked out of his hand. Aaron was furious because his tuxedo was ruined.
1	Aaron sipped a fruity drink on the beach. He had been waiting for this vacation for months. Out of nowhere, a volleyball slammed into his lap. His drink was knocked out of his hand. He laughed it off and ordered another drink.
0	I was driving down a very unfamiliar, congested highway. The GPS directed me to a longer route on a different road. I gladly took the other road, but it soon became a nightmare. The road twisted and turned, and I had no choice but follow the GPS. I turned the GPS off and found a better way.
1	I was driving down a very unfamiliar, congested highway. The GPS directed me to a longer route on a different road. I gladly took the other road, but it soon became a nightmare. The road twisted and turned, and I had no choice but follow the GPS. It was stressful but I finally made it to my destination.
1	Jill's health class was visiting an acupuncture clinic. Their teacher told them that although it was alternative, it worked. During the visit, Jill got a horrible migraine. The acupuncturist offered to treat her. Jill's headache went away.
0	Jill's health class was visiting an acupuncture clinic. Their teacher told them that although it was alternative, it worked. During the visit, Jill got a horrible migraine. The acupuncturist offered to treat her. Jill asked him for a pizza.
0	My grandpa took my brothers and I fishing in the summer. We went to a small pond close to his house. He set up our fishing poles and we began to fish. It was so boring when nobody caught any fish. We enjoyed our time playing ping pong with grandpa.
1	My grandpa took my brothers and I fishing in the summer. We went to a small pond close to his house. He set up our fishing poles and we began to fish. It was so boring when nobody caught any fish. We were disappointed to go home empty handed that day.
1	Some kids were in trouble for throwing rocks. The men at the park chased the kids. But the kids were faster, and got away. The adults searched the woods for 20 minutes. They ended up giving up.
0	Some kids were in trouble for throwing rocks. The men at the park chased the kids. But the kids were faster, and got away. The adults searched the woods for 20 minutes. They were eating pizza.
0	Kathy desired to be a Physical Therapist since she was in high school. In college, she took many classes and applied for graduate school. After a period of waiting, she finally received her acceptance email! She made her way through schooling and graduated with her degree. Kathy decided to become a sushi chef.
1	Kathy desired to be a Physical Therapist since she was in high school. In college, she took many classes and applied for graduate school. After a period of waiting, she finally received her acceptance email! She made her way through schooling and graduated with her degree. Kathy obtained a job in the physical therapy field.
0	Mom thought the living room furniture looked old and shabby. It was time for some new seating. She bought the perfect set. The new furniture looked and felt great. My mom missed the old furniture.
1	Mom thought the living room furniture looked old and shabby. It was time for some new seating. She bought the perfect set. The new furniture looked and felt great. The living room had a brand new appeal.
0	George was in a bit of a pickle. He had a deadline that was rapidly approaching. He only had a few more pages to go in his book. He sat down at the computer and was struck with inspiration. George deleted his hard drive.
1	George was in a bit of a pickle. He had a deadline that was rapidly approaching. He only had a few more pages to go in his book. He sat down at the computer and was struck with inspiration. George finished his manuscript and celebrated.
1	Alice had a lot of leftover bread. She didn't want to waste it. She decided to mash it all up and make a big batch of bread pudding. It came out looking delicious! Alice waited for it to cool and then ate a serving.
0	Alice had a lot of leftover bread. She didn't want to waste it. She decided to mash it all up and make a big batch of bread pudding. It came out looking delicious! Alice put the pudding right into the garbage disposal.
1	Amelia wanted to learn how to sew. Amelia's best friend knew how to sew, and so Amelia asked her how. Her best friend was happy to teach her. After a bit of practice, Amelia made a dress. Amelia was very pleased.
0	Amelia wanted to learn how to sew. Amelia's best friend knew how to sew, and so Amelia asked her how. Her best friend was happy to teach her. After a bit of practice, Amelia made a dress. Amelia was upset her friend taught her to sew.
0	Albert was looking for the perfect gaming mouse for his PC. He searched a variety of sites and read lots of reviews. He found the perfect site with the best prices on what he wanted. He bought an MMO mouse with a very high DPI. He stopped playing games.
1	Albert was looking for the perfect gaming mouse for his PC. He searched a variety of sites and read lots of reviews. He found the perfect site with the best prices on what he wanted. He bought an MMO mouse with a very high DPI. He was satisfied with it.
0	Jill was driving her car. She accidentally passed the building she was looking for. She turned around. She then saw her grandma and offered her a ride. She told her grandma to find her own ride.
1	Jill was driving her car. She accidentally passed the building she was looking for. She turned around. She then saw her grandma and offered her a ride. Her grandma climbed in and they drove home.
1	Olaf was hiking in the woods when he found another hiker, lost! The woman had been hiking for hours trying to find her way back. Olaf took her back to the base station and fed her. Then he helped her make a phone call to her friends. The woman thanked him for rescuing her.
0	Olaf was hiking in the woods when he found another hiker, lost! The woman had been hiking for hours trying to find her way back. Olaf took her back to the base station and fed her. Then he helped her make a phone call to her friends. The woman thought Olaf was useless.
1	Doug and Patty set up a lemonade stand in front of their house. They were surprised how many customers they had. They sold out before noon. They made more, selling all that as well. Doug and Patty were delighted at their success.
0	Doug and Patty set up a lemonade stand in front of their house. They were surprised how many customers they had. They sold out before noon. They made more, selling all that as well. Doug and Patty did not sell much lemonade.
0	Jeanne enjoyed watching crime drama on television. Her favorite show was cancelled. She wrote a letter to the head of the network. She encouraged her friends to write letters as well. The network cast her in the show.
1	Jeanne enjoyed watching crime drama on television. Her favorite show was cancelled. She wrote a letter to the head of the network. She encouraged her friends to write letters as well. The letters made no difference.
0	Mark and Molly had reservations for a popular restaurant. When they arrived the hostess seated them at their table. They ordered from the menu and waited on their food. When dessert arrived Mark asked Molly to marry him. Molly laughed in Mark's face and left.
1	Mark and Molly had reservations for a popular restaurant. When they arrived the hostess seated them at their table. They ordered from the menu and waited on their food. When dessert arrived Mark asked Molly to marry him. Molly said yes.
1	I was working at the front desk. I got a call from a strange number. It was a student wondering about his application for college. He had called the wrong number. I gave him the right number and hung up.
0	I was working at the front desk. I got a call from a strange number. It was a student wondering about his application for college. He had called the wrong number. I shook the student's hand and thanked him.
0	I went back to my hometown last weekend for a big football game. I met up with a bunch of my friends. We started drinking at 1pm for a 7pm game. By kickoff I was pretty drunk. I was really excited about my dress.
1	I went back to my hometown last weekend for a big football game. I met up with a bunch of my friends. We started drinking at 1pm for a 7pm game. By kickoff I was pretty drunk. I don't even remember the game.
0	Jake was going on a road trip to see his family. He Got in the car and drove. The car's tires exploded due to too much air. Jake hitchhiked for 30 miles. Jake wore a navy blue suit.
1	Jake was going on a road trip to see his family. He Got in the car and drove. The car's tires exploded due to too much air. Jake hitchhiked for 30 miles. When Jake got to his family he was happy his trip was over.
1	Jill was in class nervous. She had a question for the teacher. She was afraid to ask. She finally got the courage to ask the question. Jill asked her question.
0	Jill was in class nervous. She had a question for the teacher. She was afraid to ask. She finally got the courage to ask the question. Jill was suspended for not asking her question.
0	Jimmy loved alligators. When he was little, his grandfather took him to an alligator farm. The workers let Jimmy sit on an alligator. The reptile didn't like this and tried to bite Jimmy. Jimmy ate a sandwich for lunch.
1	Jimmy loved alligators. When he was little, his grandfather took him to an alligator farm. The workers let Jimmy sit on an alligator. The reptile didn't like this and tried to bite Jimmy. Jimmy still loves alligators but now respects their wild nature.
0	Larry hated going to the mall. He was stuck there last Saturday. It was particularly packed due to sales. He started having a panic attack in the middle of a crowd. Lary had never been so calm in all his life.
1	Larry hated going to the mall. He was stuck there last Saturday. It was particularly packed due to sales. He started having a panic attack in the middle of a crowd. A man helped him recover.
0	Gina was in her room. It was in the basement. She had one small window which let in the light. It looked out on the neighbor's yard. Gina's neighbors complained that she was spying on them.
1	Gina was in her room. It was in the basement. She had one small window which let in the light. It looked out on the neighbor's yard She was jealous that her neighbors had a pool.
0	There was a home of poor dogs wandering the streets of Alaska. They had trouble finding people to feed them. Eventually they ran into a rich, old man who took them in. He fed them and gave them a great home. The old man threw rock at the dogs until they left his property.
1	There was a home of poor dogs wandering the streets of Alaska. They had trouble finding people to feed them. Eventually they ran into a rich, old man who took them in. He fed them and gave them a great home. The dogs were great comfort and company for the old man.
0	Jack woke up before his alarm at 4:30 am. He was shivering under the blankets. He looked over and saw he had left the window cracked open overnight. A strong, chill wind was blowing in through the open window. Jack didn't bother to close the window.
1	Jack woke up before his alarm at 4:30 am. He was shivering under the blankets. He looked over and saw he had left the window cracked open overnight. A strong, chill wind was blowing in through the open window. Jack closed the window.
0	Jake lives in Flint Michigan. One day he went to run himself a bath. He was very upset to see that the water wasn't clean. Jake called his mayor to complain. The mayor had just emerged from a seedy back-alley motel.
1	Jake lives in Flint Michigan. One day he went to run himself a bath. He was very upset to see that the water wasn't clean. Jake called his mayor to complain. The mayor told him he had better things to do.
1	Lara started seeing a therapist. She mentioned this to her mom on the phone. Her mom called the therapist, demanding information. She wanted to know all the bad things her daughter was saying. The therapist curtly said she couldn't share that information.
0	Lara started seeing a therapist. She mentioned this to her mom on the phone. Her mom called the therapist, demanding information. She wanted to know all the bad things her daughter was saying. The therapist told the mother everything her son had said.
1	Janie was outside one day when she heard a high-pitched noise nearby. She looked all around for the source of the noise. Finally, she found a litter of kittens under a bush! She decided to take care of the kittens. Janie loved cats.
0	Janie was outside one day when she heard a high-pitched noise nearby. She looked all around for the source of the noise. Finally, she found a litter of kittens under a bush! She decided to take care of the kittens. Janie hated cats.
1	Pam loved to use coupons. She asked all her friends to give her old newspapers. Pam would go through each newspaper and cut out the best coupons. She made an effort to include her daughter to teach her to be frugal. Pam's daughter became good at bargain hunting.
0	Pam loved to use coupons. She asked all her friends to give her old newspapers. Pam would go through each newspaper and cut out the best coupons. She made an effort to include her daughter to teach her to be frugal. Pam's favorite store was Saks Fifth Avenue.
1	I like to go to comic conventions. One year, I went with all of my friends. We all had matching costumes. We even won the costume contest! We shared the prize equally among all of us.
0	I like to go to comic conventions. One year, I went with all of my friends. We all had matching costumes. We even won the costume contest! I had such a horrible time I never went out with them again.
1	Darla was afraid of spiders. One day, as she was cleaning her room, she saw one on the wall. She screamed and jumped away. She yelled for her father to come in and help. Her father came and removed the spider.
0	Darla was afraid of spiders. One day, as she was cleaning her room, she saw one on the wall. She screamed and jumped away. She yelled for her father to come in and help. Darla decided to make the spider a pet.
0	Leon decides to get out of the house one day. He gets his skateboard to go for a ride. Leon tries riding down the biggest hill in his town. Unfortunately, he falls and bumps his knees. He was happy about how well he skateboarded that day.
1	Leon decides to get out of the house one day. He gets his skateboard to go for a ride. Leon tries riding down the biggest hill in his town. Unfortunately, he falls and bumps his knees. He limped home with his legs bleeding.
0	Last night I had the best pizza. I went to bertucci's and had a pepperoni pizza. The sauce was delectable and the meat was divine. I ate the entire thing. I won't eat pizza for a long time.
1	Last night I had the best pizza. I went to bertucci's and had a pepperoni pizza. The sauce was delectable and the meat was divine. I ate the entire thing. I want to go back and get more pizza.
1	John was working on a science project display for school. When he finished his project, he placed it by his bedroom window. After putting the project down, John left the room and watched tv. While watching TV, John's dog destroyed his project. John then failed the project because of his dog.
0	John was working on a science project display for school. When he finished his project, he placed it by his bedroom window. After putting the project down, John left the room and watched tv. While watching TV, John's dog destroyed his project. John's assignment was the best looking in his class.
1	A little chipmunk made it's home in Ed's backyard. For weeks he tried to feed it a peanut out of his hand. It got a little closer every day. Finally, the chipmunk took it. Eventually Ed got the chipmunk to eat out of his hand.
0	A little chipmunk made it's home in Ed's backyard. For weeks he tried to feed it a peanut out of his hand. It got a little closer every day. Finally, the chipmunk took it. The chipmunk was so terrified it bit Ed's hand.
1	Tray wanted candy. He could not reach the bowl. That did not stop him. He got a stool. He reached for the bowl and enjoyed the candy.
0	Tray wanted candy. He could not reach the bowl. That did not stop him. He got a stool. He placed the stool on the deck.
1	Charlie and some neighborhood kids built a snowman. They decided to jazz it up by adding food coloring to color it. They used up all the food coloring in all of their houses. All of their parents were upset because they stained their clothes. But they had a great time!
0	Charlie and some neighborhood kids built a snowman. They decided to jazz it up by adding food coloring to color it. They used up all the food coloring in all of their houses. All of their parents were upset because they stained their clothes. Charlie stole a car.
0	Amy liked to take a walk on her break at work. This day she decided to walk to the frozen yogurt place. When she arrived they were closed. This was odd for the middle of the day. Amy threw a brick through the window of the shop.
1	Amy liked to take a walk on her break at work. This day she decided to walk to the frozen yogurt place. When she arrived they were closed. This was odd for the middle of the day. Amy decided she didn't need the yogurt anyway.
0	Jason decides he wants to get out of his house and see other people. He goes to the local pool hall to play a few games. At the pool hall he meets other guys. He goes home after spending a few hours there. He hates that he met so many people.
1	Jason decides he wants to get out of his house and see other people. He goes to the local pool hall to play a few games. At the pool hall he meets other guys. He goes home after spending a few hours there. He goes to bed.
1	A kid walked past an old house in his neighborhood. He looked in the windows to see if anyone was home. There was not any signs of an inhabitant. The kid broke in and explored the house. The kid stole some things from the house.
0	A kid walked past an old house in his neighborhood. He looked in the windows to see if anyone was home. There was not any signs of an inhabitant. The kid broke in and explored the house. The house owners came home and welcomed the kid.
0	Jane wanted to be a veterinarian. She took many subjects in school towards that goal. One course required that she spend forty hours caring for an animal. Jane liked lots of animals and couldn't decide which to choose. Jane quit her classes and took up accounting.
1	Jane wanted to be a veterinarian. She took many subjects in school towards that goal. One course required that she spend forty hours caring for an animal. Jane liked lots of animals and couldn't decide which to choose. Jane decided to care for a dog.
1	Sue had a sore throat. She didn't know what to do. She took cough drops and that didn't work. She made hot tea, and that didn't stop the soreness. Sue made an appointment with the doctor as a last resort.
0	Sue had a sore throat. She didn't know what to do. She took cough drops and that didn't work. She made hot tea, and that didn't stop the soreness. Sue was relieved that her sore throat cures worked.
0	When Greg was 5 years old, he received his first dog. It was his favorite kind of dog, and he named it Sammy. Sammy was a purebred poodle. After a few years, Greg came very close to Sammy. Sammy ran away from home and Greg.
1	When Greg was 5 years old, he received his first dog. It was his favorite kind of dog, and he named it Sammy. Sammy was a purebred poodle. After a few years, Greg came very close to Sammy. Greg was happy that Sammy was his dog.
1	I convinced my friend to vote for my favorite candidate. I managed to make them enthusiastic about the process. On election day they never showed up to vote. I forgot to tell them what day it was. I was sad.
0	I convinced my friend to vote for my favorite candidate. I managed to make them enthusiastic about the process. On election day they never showed up to vote. I forgot to tell them what day it was. I felt very satisfied.
0	There is this amazing gym near my house. It has all the workout equipment I could ever ask for. The best part is that the membership is only ten dollars per month. That's one of the cheapest I've ever seen. I hate it there because it's so expensive.
1	There is this amazing gym near my house. It has all the workout equipment I could ever ask for. The best part is that the membership is only ten dollars per month. That's one of the cheapest I've ever seen. I'm happy to be a member there and work out often!
1	Jane was hiding the kids for her children to hunt. She put them all over the back yard. She hid an egg under a pile of leaves. Jane was excited for the children to hunt. The children laughed as they hunted the eggs.
0	Jane was hiding the kids for her children to hunt. She put them all over the back yard. She hid an egg under a pile of leaves. Jane was excited for the children to hunt. The children apologized to Jane.
1	Jane needed a new desk. Her previous desk was old and falling apart. She went to a store and tried to find a likeable style. Jane did not like any of the desks at the store. Jane just went home.
0	Jane needed a new desk. Her previous desk was old and falling apart. She went to a store and tried to find a likeable style. Jane did not like any of the desks at the store. Jane bought one of the desks.
1	Kate was on a field trip to the park. She loved the monkey bars the most. There was a line to use them when she got there. When it was her turn, she hopped up gleefully. She had fun climbing.
0	Kate was on a field trip to the park. She loved the monkey bars the most. There was a line to use them when she got there. When it was her turn, she hopped up gleefully. She was very disappointed.
1	Mike went with his friends to party in Tijuana. They all drank too much and slept way too little. Returning from the trip, Mike couldn't find his license. As they approached the border, he was extremely nervous. One of Mike's friends realized he had the license in wallet.
0	Mike went with his friends to party in Tijuana. They all drank too much and slept way too little. Returning from the trip, Mike couldn't find his license. As they approached the border, he was extremely nervous. Mike was sure he would pass through without incident.
1	Today was my 21st birthday. Since I'm able to drink, my friend took me to a bar. She order her favorite drink, specifically for me. After taking a sip of the drink, I was disgusted. I found the drink to be bitter-tasting.
0	Today was my 21st birthday. Since I'm able to drink, my friend took me to a bar. She order her favorite drink, specifically for me. After taking a sip of the drink, I was disgusted. I asked for a second round of the same drink.
1	Chuck joints creaked as he stood up from the computer. It was a short walk to the side table where he had left his phone. He was going to make one quick phone call before returning to work. The dogs met him at the door with earnest faces. Chuck knew he needed a walk so he talk his dogs out.
0	Chuck joints creaked as he stood up from the computer. It was a short walk to the side table where he had left his phone. He was going to make one quick phone call before returning to work. The dogs met him at the door with earnest faces. Chuck kicked his dog away from him.
0	Ray wanted to get into a good college. He had to write an essay. He tried very hard. He put in a lot of effort. Ray hoped they would not admit him.
1	Ray wanted to get into a good college. He had to write an essay. He tried very hard. He put in a lot of effort. Ray hoped he would be admitted.
1	I was sick of being unemployed. I decided it was time to get a job. I scoured listings on the internet and sent out resumes. Finally, a company asked me to come in for an interview. Now I am happy and I have a great new job.
0	I was sick of being unemployed. I decided it was time to get a job. I scoured listings on the internet and sent out resumes. Finally, a company asked me to come in for an interview. I decided I didn't want to work anymore.
0	Joe turned on his computer and noticed a problem. There were programs he did not install and he could not delete them. Joe went to the store and purchased and antivirus program. Joe ran the program on his computer for hours. He was very happy that the program took that amount of time.
1	Joe turned on his computer and noticed a problem. There were programs he did not install and he could not delete them. Joe went to the store and purchased and antivirus program. Joe ran the program on his computer for hours. Joe's computer began working well once the program was complete.
0	Jon wanted to become a professional plumber. So, he applied to a trade school. He waited months for his decision. Fortunately, he was accepted. Being accepted made Joe very sad.
1	Jon wanted to become a professional plumber. So, he applied to a trade school. He waited months for his decision. Fortunately, he was accepted. Being accepted made Joe very happy.
0	Sarah was watching television. A commercial came on for the new Xbox. Sarah immediately drove to her local electronics store. She bought a new Xbox with a headset and extra controller. Sarah decided videogame were stupid.
1	Sarah was watching television. A commercial came on for the new Xbox. Sarah immediately drove to her local electronics store. She bought a new Xbox with a headset and extra controller. Sarah brought it home and used it.
1	Shelly wanted a pet. But her mom was allergic to cats. And their apartment was too small for a dog! Then Shelly thought of a solution. She got a parrot and named it Bear.
0	Shelly wanted a pet. But her mom was allergic to cats. And their apartment was too small for a dog! Then Shelly thought of a solution. She bought a cat and let it roam the house.
1	Rob was in charge of all the people at work. Rob though everybody liked him. One day Rob heard his employees saying mean things about him. Rob's feelings were hurt. Rob fired the employees.
0	Rob was in charge of all the people at work. Rob though everybody liked him. One day Rob heard his employees saying mean things about him. Rob's feelings were hurt. Rob was glad his employees thought so highly of him.
0	Jacob's class went on a field trip to a pumpkin patch. Chaos ensued as the children ran to grab pumpkins. Unlike the others, a still and observant Jacob scanned the field. Suddenly, he spotted a large, green gourd peeking out near the fence! Jacob did not want to take a pumpkin home.
1	Jacob's class went on a field trip to a pumpkin patch. Chaos ensued as the children ran to grab pumpkins. Unlike the others, a still and observant Jacob scanned the field. Suddenly, he spotted a large, green gourd peeking out near the fence! Jacob chose this special pumpkin for himself.
0	Kay loved Ice Cream. She visited Cold Stone and discovered they had cinnamon ice cream. She ate cinnamon ice cream every week for 3 months. One day she returned and was told the ice cream was no longer sold. Kay was relieved because she had moved on to peppermint.
1	Kay loved Ice Cream. She visited Cold Stone and discovered they had cinnamon ice cream. She ate cinnamon ice cream every week for 3 months. One day she returned and was told the ice cream was no longer sold. Kay was crushed!
1	Megan ate the last piece of cake from the fridge at her work. The next day her coworker asked her if she ate their cake. Megan lied saying that she wasn't the one. However, another coworker saw her eat it. Megan's coworker was angry that she lied about eating her cake.
0	Megan ate the last piece of cake from the fridge at her work. The next day her coworker asked her if she ate their cake. Megan lied saying that she wasn't the one. However, another coworker saw her eat it. Megan's coworker was proud of her.
0	Tina had a little glass doll she kept in her pocket. One day Tina was playing hide and seek. As she was running, Tina tripped and fell. When she looked in her pocket she saw that her doll was broken. Tina was glad she got her exercise for the day.
1	Tina had a little glass doll she kept in her pocket. One day Tina was playing hide and seek. As she was running, Tina tripped and fell. When she looked in her pocket she saw that her doll was broken. Tina cried.
1	Cora was nervous. She was at her first haircut appointment ever. She wondered how she would look with short hair. Then she saw herself in the mirror and gasped. It was terrible.
0	Cora was nervous. She was at her first haircut appointment ever. She wondered how she would look with short hair. Then she saw herself in the mirror and gasped. Cora's face was swollen.
1	Peppa's grandpa visited her and her brother george at their house. Peppa's grandpa had a green thumb and he planted few seeds in garden. He left and came back after a week to find beautiful flowers had grown. Peppa's grandpa took some flowers to grandma as a surprise She love the flowers.
0	Peppa's grandpa visited her and her brother george at their house. Peppa's grandpa had a green thumb and he planted few seeds in garden. He left and came back after a week to find beautiful flowers had grown. Peppa's grandpa took some flowers to grandma as a surprise She angrily told him to get out.
1	Gina washed her dad's car. He wasn't satisfied with the job she did. She washed all the missed spots and double checked the car. She had him inspect the car again. Her dad smiled because Gina had done a meticulous job this time.
0	Gina washed her dad's car. He wasn't satisfied with the job she did. She washed all the missed spots and double checked the car. She had him inspect the car again. Her dad took the car to the mud races.
1	Randy wanted to get a dog so bad. Randy's mom was allergic to dogs. Randy asked if he could move in with his dad. His dad said yes. Randy was able to get a dog with his dad.
0	Randy wanted to get a dog so bad. Randy's mom was allergic to dogs. Randy asked if he could move in with his dad. His dad said yes. Randy bought a lizard with his dad.
0	Johnny rode his bike to the hobby store. He parked his bike out front. When he came out his bike was gone. Johnny looked all over. Johnny didn't care about the bike.
1	Johnny rode his bike to the hobby store. He parked his bike out front. When he came out his bike was gone. Johnny looked all over. Johnny found out his friend took the bike.
1	Mike really loves pets. Unfortunately his apartment building doesn't allow pets. He tried to persuade building management but they didn't agree. Mike decided to volunteer at his local humane society. Mike enjoyed the chance to help pets find a home.
0	Mike really loves pets. Unfortunately his apartment building doesn't allow pets. He tried to persuade building management but they didn't agree. Mike decided to volunteer at his local humane society. Mike didn't like the dogs or cats.
1	Tom was hiking one day. He always traveled on the path. Soon, the path split into two. He didn't know where to go. He took the right path and discovered a small waterfall.
0	Tom was hiking one day. He always traveled on the path. Soon, the path split into two. He didn't know where to go. He turned and went back home instead.
0	The nurse admitted me into the intensive care unit. When I woke up, there were no lights around. The time was 3:20 in the afternoon. I tried to look outside of the room window. I felt very free and relaxed.
1	The nurse admitted me into the intensive care unit. When I woke up, there were no lights around. The time was 3:20 in the afternoon. I tried to look outside of the room window. But I had too many lines attached to me.
0	Taj loved to eat McDonalds. He wrote McDonald's an email appreciating them for their service. A McDonald's representative was able to reply the next day. Taj got $50 worth of McDonalds coupons in the mail! He was sad about getting the coupons.
1	Taj loved to eat McDonalds. He wrote McDonald's an email appreciating them for their service. A McDonald's representative was able to reply the next day. Taj got $50 worth of McDonalds coupons in the mail! He invited some friends to have lunch with him at McDonalds.
1	The light didn't come on when Jerry flipped the switch in his room. He had to go to the store to buy lightbulbs the next day. He carefully removed the old bulb. The new one was then screwed into place. Jerry discovered it was the switch that was broken.
0	The light didn't come on when Jerry flipped the switch in his room. He had to go to the store to buy lightbulbs the next day. He carefully removed the old bulb. The new one was then screwed into place. Jerry stayed in the dark because he forgot to buy any light bulbs.
1	Micky wanted a job. He began to look in the classifieds in the local paper. He went on several interviews. Micky was finally called by one of the companies he applied at. Micky was offered the job the next day.
0	Micky wanted a job. He began to look in the classifieds in the local paper. He went on several interviews. Micky was finally called by one of the companies he applied at. Micky made reservations at a motel.
1	Abby loved candy. She was given her allowance for the week. She decided to spend it all at the candy store. She started to notice a numb ache in her tooth. Suddenly Abby understood why her dentist warned against sugar.
0	Abby loved candy. She was given her allowance for the week. She decided to spend it all at the candy store. She started to notice a numb ache in her tooth. Abby went to the pantry and got her dog a Milk Bone.
1	Del hurried home from work. He was very worried and anxious. His wife had said she had important news for him. But when he got home, he saw his wife was smiling. He was overjoyed when his wife told him that she was pregnant.
0	Del hurried home from work. He was very worried and anxious. His wife had said she had important news for him. But when he got home, he saw his wife was smiling. Del's wife told him that she had breast cancer.
1	I was at work yesterday when my boss came over. He said that we were behind schedule. He asked if I could help out a bit. I would get paid overtime. I was happy to get paid overtime.
0	I was at work yesterday when my boss came over. He said that we were behind schedule. He asked if I could help out a bit. I would get paid overtime. My boss fired me.
0	We went to a petting zoo together. My friend bought food to feed the animals. She tried to feed a carrot to a cow, but it bit her. She didn't even know cows would bite humans. My friend really enjoyed getting bitten by the cow.
1	We went to a petting zoo together. My friend bought food to feed the animals. She tried to feed a carrot to a cow, but it bit her. She didn't even know cows would bite humans. My friend had a less than fabulous time there.
0	Neil wanted to see ancient temples and ruins. He decided Asia was a great place to start. He flew to Cambodia and went sightseeing. He saw so many old temples in the jungles there. Neil was bored of the trip and went home.
1	Neil wanted to see ancient temples and ruins. He decided Asia was a great place to start. He flew to Cambodia and went sightseeing. He saw so many old temples in the jungles there. Neil was happy he made the trip.
1	Neil loved visiting London! He thought it was charming and friendly. But he wanted a better view. So he bought a ticket on the huge London Eye ferris wheel. Neil had a wonderful view of the city.
0	Neil loved visiting London! He thought it was charming and friendly. But he wanted a better view. So he bought a ticket on the huge London Eye ferris wheel. Neil decided not to come to London anymore.
1	Sam hated surprise parties. He found out about one by his wife. She had put in a lot of effort. All of his friends showed up. Sam stayed at the bar rather than go home and be surprised.
0	Sam hated surprise parties. He found out about one by his wife. She had put in a lot of effort. All of his friends showed up. That night Sam told his wife that he wanted a divorce.
1	Joe went fishing. He sat by the river a long time. Suddenly his pole went down. Joe jumped to his feet. He grabbed the pole and pulled out a huge flounder.
0	Joe went fishing. He sat by the river a long time. Suddenly his pole went down. Joe jumped to his feet. He shot at the deer, but missed.
0	Tori stole a candy cane from her Christmas tree. Her mother had told her not to. She thought she had gotten away with it. However, her mother noticed and punished her. Tori was happy her mother knew.
1	Tori stole a candy cane from her Christmas tree. Her mother had told her not to. She thought she had gotten away with it. However, her mother noticed and punished her. Tori was grounded.
1	It was Paula's first day of Kindergarten. She was excited to be one of the big kids. When it came time to leave her mother at the door, she cried. Eventually Paula left her mother and took a seat in class. Paula eventually became accustomed to being away from her mother.
0	It was Paula's first day of Kindergarten. She was excited to be one of the big kids. When it came time to leave her mother at the door, she cried. Eventually Paula left her mother and took a seat in class. Paula's mother took a seat next to Paula.
1	Ivan was heading to the beach for a day of picnicking. Then he remembered he'd forgotten to put ice in the cooler! He stopped off at a small general store. There, he bought a few big bags of ice and put them in the coolers. The ice kept his drinks cold the whole day.
0	Ivan was heading to the beach for a day of picnicking. Then he remembered he'd forgotten to put ice in the cooler! He stopped off at a small general store. There, he bought a few big bags of ice and put them in the coolers. He poured all of the ice down the drain, and went to sleep.
0	Ky was doing her hair. Her pigtails were always lopsided! She just couldn't get them straight. Finally she gave up and went to school with lopsided pigtails. Ky grabbed hair paint and colored her hair.
1	Ky was doing her hair. Her pigtails were always lopsided! She just couldn't get them straight. Finally she gave up and went to school with lopsided pigtails. Everyone at school loved Ky's hair.
0	I just became a certified personal trainer! I have been working at this for Years. My wife took me out to dinner to celebrate. I told her at dinner all the plans I have to bring on clients. I left the table before she could speak.
1	I just became a certified personal trainer! I have been working at this for Years. My wife took me out to dinner to celebrate. I told her at dinner all the plans I have to bring on clients. We spoke and ate for two hours.
1	Yesterday I felt very sick. I had to take the day off. Thankfully I was able to relax. I took some soup and rested. I took a long nap and am feeling better.
0	Yesterday I felt very sick. I had to take the day off. Thankfully I was able to relax. I took some soup and rested. I went to the gym and exercised.
1	Bob was listening to his favorite album on his new stereo system. The sound quality of his new system was great. You could hear the sound clearly from every room in his house. All of a sudden, his cat scratched one of his speakers. Bob's stereo system was ruined.
0	Bob was listening to his favorite album on his new stereo system. The sound quality of his new system was great. You could hear the sound clearly from every room in his house. All of a sudden, his cat scratched one of his speakers. Bob was proud of his cat.
1	Rob loved to play soccer and was on his middle school team. They had just started their season and were playing their first game. Rob accidentally tripped over another player during the game. The other player was mad, but Rob apologized and kept his composure. Rob ended up playing the best game of his life!
0	Rob loved to play soccer and was on his middle school team. They had just started their season and were playing their first game. Rob accidentally tripped over another player during the game. The other player was mad, but Rob apologized and kept his composure. Rob kicked the other player as hard as he could!
0	Pam left her son with a new babysitter. She told her that her son was allergic to peanut butter. But the babysitter gave him peanut butter oatmeal. The babysitter had to call the hospital. Pam was impressed with the babysitter.
1	Pam left her son with a new babysitter. She told her that her son was allergic to peanut butter. But the babysitter gave him peanut butter oatmeal. The babysitter had to call the hospital. Pam was furious with the babysitter.
1	Lindy always wanted a great love in her life. Every day she went to the university where she studied with a rose. Her plan was to give the rose to a man who would be her great love. Lindy didn't know how to talk to a man she thought looking at the rose. Lindy decided to talk to men just like they were people.
0	Lindy always wanted a great love in her life. Every day she went to the university where she studied with a rose. Her plan was to give the rose to a man who would be her great love. Lindy didn't know how to talk to a man she thought looking at the rose. Lindy decided she didn't like men.
1	Barbara was excited to get her ears pierced. Barbara's mother took her to the jewelry store at the mall. Barbara picked out her earrings. The worker pierced her ears with a piercing gun. Barbara loved the earrings and loved wearing them.
0	Barbara was excited to get her ears pierced. Barbara's mother took her to the jewelry store at the mall. Barbara picked out her earrings. The worker pierced her ears with a piercing gun. Afterward, Barbara decided not to wear the earrings.
1	James was participating in a talent show at school. James was going to sing but was very nervous and nauseous. He finally stepped up on stage and prepared to sing. However, as soon as he began to sing, he threw up all over himself! James was so embarrassed that he ran off the stage.
0	James was participating in a talent show at school. James was going to sing but was very nervous and nauseous. He finally stepped up on stage and prepared to sing. However, as soon as he began to sing, he threw up all over himself! James felt great about his performance.
1	Sam had been living on the street for Years. He survived by begging for money. One day a stranger gave Sam a lottery ticket instead of cash. Sam won a million dollars! Sam bought himself a nice house and was very grateful.
0	Sam had been living on the street for Years. He survived by begging for money. One day a stranger gave Sam a lottery ticket instead of cash. Sam won a million dollars! Sam was very grateful for getting the job.
0	I was clothes shopping the other day. Everything I found was made in China. Some stuff was made in Vietnam. I couldn't find anything from America. I bought all of the clothes that were made in America.
1	I was clothes shopping the other day. Everything I found was made in China. Some stuff was made in Vietnam. I couldn't find anything from America. I decided not to buy any clothes.
1	I was teaching my son to throw a football. He couldn't grasp the ball in one hand. He used both hands to throw it to me like a basketball. Then he lobbed it to me underhanded. I hope he gets better at it.
0	I was teaching my son to throw a football. He couldn't grasp the ball in one hand. He used both hands to throw it to me like a basketball. Then he lobbed it to me underhanded. I hope he gets worse at it.
1	Sandy recently lost her job. As a consequence, Sandy could not pay her mortgage. After several months, Sandy's got some bad news. Sandy was told her house was being foreclosed on. Sandy lost her home.
0	Sandy recently lost her job. As a consequence, Sandy could not pay her mortgage. After several months, Sandy's got some bad news. Sandy was told her house was being foreclosed on. Sandy bought three new homes.
0	My girlfriend and I took a train to New York City. We were going to have dinner and enjoy a night in the city. I took her out for a nice meal and after we went shopping. We both had a great time! I broke up with my girlfriend the same night.
1	My girlfriend and I took a train to New York City. We were going to have dinner and enjoy a night in the city. I took her out for a nice meal and after we went shopping. We both had a great time! We love spending time together.
1	Kari's sweater ripped. She needed to buy a new one. She decided to go to the mall. She bought a sweater from Armani. Kari wore her new sweater to school the next day.
0	Kari's sweater ripped. She needed to buy a new one. She decided to go to the mall. She bought a sweater from Armani. Kari refused to wear the new sweater.
1	Thomas lost his job three weeks ago. He had no idea how he was going to pay his rent. His friend told him about a website that paid five dollars per blog. Thomas didn't think he could raise five hundred dollars there. But he tried anyway.
0	Thomas lost his job three weeks ago. He had no idea how he was going to pay his rent. His friend told him about a website that paid five dollars per blog. Thomas didn't think he could raise five hundred dollars there. Thomas punched his friend in the face.
0	Last week Sally came home and found a package in front of her door. She was curious about what might be in the package. She quickly opened the package and couldn't believe her eyes. Inside the package was a gift from her best friend. Sally threw the package away.
1	Last week Sally came home and found a package in front of her door. She was curious about what might be in the package. She quickly opened the package and couldn't believe her eyes. Inside the package was a gift from her best friend. It was a frilly dress with glitter and sparkly fabric!
0	Rico was working really hard on his essay for English. After working on it all night, he decided to take a short nap. He slept in and was late for for school. When he got to school he noticed that his essay was gone. Rico decided to take another nap.
1	Rico was working really hard on his essay for English. After working on it all night, he decided to take a short nap. He slept in and was late for for school. When he got to school he noticed that his essay was gone. Rico's teacher let him turn in the essay the next day.
0	Juanita realizes that she needs warmer clothing to get through winter. She looks for a jacket but at first everything she finds is expensive. Finally she finds a jacket she can afford. She buys the jacket and feels much better. She hates the new jacket.
1	Juanita realizes that she needs warmer clothing to get through winter. She looks for a jacket but at first everything she finds is expensive. Finally she finds a jacket she can afford. She buys the jacket and feels much better. She is happy.
1	My buddy wanted to become the safety officer at school. He had to go through a bunch of training just to take the test. He loved the training and passed the test. He got the job. He did very well in the job and they really liked him there.
0	My buddy wanted to become the safety officer at school. He had to go through a bunch of training just to take the test. He loved the training and passed the test. He got the job. He was the best swimming coach they had ever had.
0	Sally went to the store to buy a beach chair. Upon exit, she places her wallet on the car's trunk. After placing the chair on the back seat, she drives away. At the beach entrance, she reaches for her wallet to pay to the fee. Sally's went home and went to sleep instead.
1	Sally went to the store to buy a beach chair. Upon exit, she places her wallet on the car's trunk. After placing the chair on the back seat, she drives away. At the beach entrance, she reaches for her wallet to pay to the fee. Sally was sad she had lost her wallet.
0	Vera was driving home from work one day. She was tired and not paying attention. She blew through a stop sign and struck an oncoming car. Vera's car was totaled and the other driver was hurt. Vera drove home safely.
1	Vera was driving home from work one day. She was tired and not paying attention. She blew through a stop sign and struck an oncoming car. Vera's car was totaled and the other driver was hurt. Vera was much more careful when driving.
0	Amy was 14 Year's old. She was starting to feel like an adult. She explained this to her friend Lynn, as Lynn sat on a swing. Lynn didn't care. Lynn wanted Amy to tell her all about being an adult.
1	Amy was 14 Year's old. She was starting to feel like an adult. She explained this to her friend Lynn, as Lynn sat on a swing. Lynn didn't care. Lynn continued to swing.
1	Donna quit her job today. She realized that her husband makes enough for both of them. She asked her husband if he was okay with her decision. He was and supported her with whatever she decides to do. They had a great marriage.
0	Donna quit her job today. She realized that her husband makes enough for both of them. She asked her husband if he was okay with her decision. He was and supported her with whatever she decides to do. Donna couldn't believe how selfish her husband was.
1	We bought a new house. It was perfect, and everything I ever wanted. There was a white fence and a large wrap around porch. Our kids will have so many great memories in this house. We were so happy.
0	We bought a new house. It was perfect, and everything I ever wanted. There was a white fence and a large wrap around porch. Our kids will have so many great memories in this house. We are so angry.
0	Mona was in a car accident that broke both of her legs. She was in the hospital and rehab for a month. As soon as she got out, she wanted to go to the movies. She went to the nearest movie theater and bought the ticket. Mona drove back home immediately.
1	Mona was in a car accident that broke both of her legs. She was in the hospital and rehab for a month. As soon as she got out, she wanted to go to the movies. She went to the nearest movie theater and bought the ticket. Mona went inside to see the movie.
1	It was Valentine's Day and I was excited to see flowers at my door. I rushed inside to open the box. The bouquet was small and mostly dead, not what my husband ordered. I was very upset and started to cry. My husband went out and bought a better bouquet.
0	It was Valentine's Day and I was excited to see flowers at my door. I rushed inside to open the box. The bouquet was small and mostly dead, not what my husband ordered. I was very upset and started to cry. I was upset that the flowers weren't more dead.
0	Sloan has a lot of girlfriends. One day, he decides that he wants to settle down. He gets serious about dating and chooses one girlfriend. He decides she's the one and proposes. She then proposed to Sloan.
1	Sloan has a lot of girlfriends. One day, he decides that he wants to settle down. He gets serious about dating and chooses one girlfriend. He decides she's the one and proposes. She told him she did not want to marry him.
0	Bay wanted to play football. He practiced every day after school. Then he tried his best on tryout day. He was so excited when the team posted the results. Bay made it on the hockey team.
1	Bay wanted to play football. He practiced every day after school. Then he tried his best on tryout day. He was so excited when the team posted the results. Bay made it on the football team.
0	Josh was invited to go sailing. He met his friends at the marina. Instead of a huge yacht, they showed him a tiny boat. The four of them crowded into the boat with little room. Josh enjoyed riding on the huge yacht.
1	Josh was invited to go sailing. He met his friends at the marina. Instead of a huge yacht, they showed him a tiny boat. The four of them crowded into the boat with little room. Josh was upset to be in a little boat.
1	Tonya owned a small toad. Tanya would always bring her toad with her to a swamp. She would sit with her toad by the side of a pond. One day a fish came and ate her toad! Tonya was heart broken.
0	Tonya owned a small toad. Tanya would always bring her toad with her to a swamp. She would sit with her toad by the side of a pond. One day a fish came and ate her toad! Tonya laughed hysterically at the fish.
0	David's father had painstakingly assembled a collection of rare coins. One day, he found some of his prized coins missing. He questioned Davis about their absence. David had taken them for lunch money! David's father then thanked him.
1	David's father had painstakingly assembled a collection of rare coins. One day, he found some of his prized coins missing. He questioned Davis about their absence. David had taken them for lunch money! David was grounded by his father.
1	Mom took me grocery shopping with her today. We went through all the aisles. I got help Mom put items in the cart. She even let me get a special treat. I was happy with mom.
0	Mom took me grocery shopping with her today. We went through all the aisles. I got help Mom put items in the cart. She even let me get a special treat. Mom was making me upset all day.
1	Kelly was excited to try the new Starbucks flavor. The flavor was red velvet cake. When she ordered it she took a sip. It was delicious. It became her new favorite.
0	Kelly was excited to try the new Starbucks flavor. The flavor was red velvet cake. When she ordered it she took a sip. It was delicious. She confronted the barista and demanded a new coffee be made.
1	June was excited to share gardening with her son. She showed the boy how to pluck weeds, root and all. June and her son worked on separate rows, weeding steadily. When they finished, the boy showed June his pile of weeds. June told him that he had done a great job.
0	June was excited to share gardening with her son. She showed the boy how to pluck weeds, root and all. June and her son worked on separate rows, weeding steadily. When they finished, the boy showed June his pile of weeds. June ignored him and walked away.
1	Jane had never gone camping before. One day, Jane's friends invited her to go camping with them. Jane and her friends went deep into the woods to find a camp ground. When they finally arrived, it was too dark to see anything. They used flashlights to build a fire, which was nice.
0	Jane had never gone camping before. One day, Jane's friends invited her to go camping with them. Jane and her friends went deep into the woods to find a camp ground. When they finally arrived, it was too dark to see anything. It was not a very fun swimming day after all.
0	Chuck stepped the cabin cruiser and onto the dock. The boat was new as was his knot tying skills. He quickly tied off the boat. The line was long for the restaurant but he eventually got a table. Chuck couldn't get a table so he left.
1	Chuck stepped the cabin cruiser and onto the dock. The boat was new as was his knot tying skills. He quickly tied off the boat. The line was long for the restaurant but he eventually got a table. Chuck then ordered food and was happy with the service.
1	Ed pass a car as he drove to the bank. He tried slowing down after passing but failed. His brakes did no work. Ed looked around for something to slow him down. Ed coasted to the side of the road until he stopped.
0	Ed pass a car as he drove to the bank. He tried slowing down after passing but failed. His brakes did no work. Ed looked around for something to slow him down. Ed ate his peanuts.
0	Liz was watching her 4 and 6 year old nieces. She put them in her room to take a nap. They were very quiet so she thought they were asleep. When she checked on them an hour later they were not asleep. Liz was glad they were sleeping so well.
1	Liz was watching her 4 and 6 year old nieces. She put them in her room to take a nap. They were very quiet so she thought they were asleep. When she checked on them an hour later they were not asleep. Liz told them to go back to bed.
0	Today is Hope's Birthday. She jumps out of bed excited. She rushed to the bathroom to take a shower. After her shower, she gets ready. Hope is expected to celebrate her birthday alone.
1	Today is Hope's Birthday. She jumps out of bed excited. She rushed to the bathroom to take a shower. After her shower, she gets ready. Hope is having breakfast with her family.
1	Dave loved to dive. Dave walked onto the board. He prepared to do a front-flip. Dave made a mistake and slammed face down into the water! The front of his body hurt from the impact.
0	Dave loved to dive. Dave walked onto the board. He prepared to do a front-flip. Dave made a mistake and slammed face down into the water! He decided to dive that way every time from now on.
1	Lady loved tacos. Especially from taco trucks. One day she ordered a taco from a truck. With excitement, she took a bite. She spat it out because she had been served a spoiled fish taco.
0	Lady loved tacos. Especially from taco trucks. One day she ordered a taco from a truck. With excitement, she took a bite. She relished the taste of her banana sundae.
1	Mary was excited, today was her twentieth birthday. When she woke up, she found a big wrapped box in the kitchen. She opened the box and found a brain new pair of ice skates. Under the ice skates were two tickets to the ring tonight with Kim. Mary was very happy.
0	Mary was excited, today was her twentieth birthday. When she woke up, she found a big wrapped box in the kitchen. She opened the box and found a brain new pair of ice skates. Under the ice skates were two tickets to the ring tonight with Kim. Mary was really upset with Kim.
1	Jimmy wandered around the city looking for a place for a soda. Before he knew it, he was in an unfamiliar area. He was scared of strangers and didn't want to ask anyone. Soon a policeman came by and asked if he was lost. He told him that he was lost.
0	Jimmy wandered around the city looking for a place for a soda. Before he knew it, he was in an unfamiliar area. He was scared of strangers and didn't want to ask anyone. Soon a policeman came by and asked if he was lost. Jimmy accused the officer of harassing him.
1	Kimberly and her family went on a vacation to Duck, North Carolina. They rented a beach house so that they could all stay in one spot. They relaxed on the beach almost every single day. The highlight of the trip was seeing a lighthouse. The whole family enjoyed the experience.
0	Kimberly and her family went on a vacation to Duck, North Carolina. They rented a beach house so that they could all stay in one spot. They relaxed on the beach almost every single day. The highlight of the trip was seeing a lighthouse. The family wished they had visited Colorado.
0	At the time it seemed like a good idea. The bus driver parked and went into a bathroom at a gas station. Andre jumped in the driver's seat and drove off. He drove to three stops and picked up passengers. Andre could not drive.
1	At the time it seemed like a good idea. The bus driver parked and went into a bathroom at a gas station. Andre jumped in the driver's seat and drove off. He drove to three stops and picked up passengers. But then the cops stopped him.
1	Tom and Sally wanted to have kids. They tried several times without any success. It turned out that Sally had medical issues she needed addressed. Once she got that taken care of they tried again. Tom and Sally finally got to have kids.
0	Tom and Sally wanted to have kids. They tried several times without any success. It turned out that Sally had medical issues she needed addressed. Once she got that taken care of they tried again. Tom and Sally didn't want to have kids anymore.
0	My class went to a butterfly village for their field trip. They had the opportunity to go throughout the place. Several butterflies were attached on to us. Everyone also had the opportunity to seek knowledge. The butterfly village was very uninformative.
1	My class went to a butterfly village for their field trip. They had the opportunity to go throughout the place. Several butterflies were attached on to us. Everyone also had the opportunity to seek knowledge. The butterfly village was very educational.
0	Denise had been trying to save her money for a long time. She had been selling lemonade. She would take her money and put it in a pink piggy bank. The day came when it was so full she couldn't fit any more in it. Denise didn't know what to do when she ran out of money.
1	Denise had been trying to save her money for a long time. She had been selling lemonade. She would take her money and put it in a pink piggy bank. The day came when it was so full she couldn't fit any more in it. She bought a second piggy bank so she could keep saving money.
0	Kelly had to raise money for her cheerleading uniform. She decided to hold a bake sale. She made tons of cakes and brownies. Then she set up shop outside her house. She sold a lot and bought delicious treats with the money.
1	Kelly had to raise money for her cheerleading uniform. She decided to hold a bake sale. She made tons of cakes and brownies. Then she set up shop outside her house. She sold reasonably well and bought her uniform.
1	Michael was a dog lover. One day he went to his friends house. His friend owned a dog was a bit sick. Michael took him to the vet. He gave the dog some medicine and then it was fine.
0	Michael was a dog lover. One day he went to his friends house. His friend owned a dog was a bit sick. Michael took him to the vet. He was happy when the dog ignored him.
0	Sara really wanted a new dress for prom. However she could not afford one. She decided to make her own. She gathered the materials and set to work. Sara successfully made some pants.
1	Sara really wanted a new dress for prom. However she could not afford one. She decided to make her own. She gathered the materials and set to work. Sara had no skills and the dress was a mess.
0	Mr Washington stalked Tracy's best friend McKevin. Mr Washington did it to find out more about Tracy. McKevin told Tracy about Mr Washington's stalking. Tracy and McKevin set a trap for Mr Washington. Tracy would not leave Mr Washington alone.
1	Mr Washington stalked Tracy's best friend McKevin. Mr Washington did it to find out more about Tracy. McKevin told Tracy about Mr Washington's stalking. Tracy and McKevin set a trap for Mr Washington. Mr Washington fell into the trap.
0	Jen wanted all of her family to be together for Christmas. She planned a fun party and invited everyone. All of her friends showed up, but not her family. Jen was very sad. Jen then spent time with her family.
1	Jen wanted all of her family to be together for Christmas. She planned a fun party and invited everyone. All of her friends showed up, but not her family. Jen was very sad. Jen decided to make the best of what she had.
0	Amelia took her little sister to the park. She told her sister to play, and took out her iphone. When she looked up, she realized her sister was gone! She raced through the park, screaming her sister's name. Her sister laughed hysterically.
1	Amelia took her little sister to the park. She told her sister to play, and took out her iphone. When she looked up, she realized her sister was gone! She raced through the park, screaming her sister's name. She found her sister nearby.
0	Ana was crafting a blouse. She wanted to adorn it with beads. She went to the craft store. She bought fancy beads and brought them home. She threw the beads away when she got home.
1	Ana was crafting a blouse. She wanted to adorn it with beads. She went to the craft store. She bought fancy beads and brought them home. She made a beautiful blouse.
0	Kori liked to dress up for comic conventions. She decided to dress up as her favorite character for an upcoming one. She worked very hard for months on her costume. She entered the cosplay contest at the convention. She decided to go to the ballet.
1	Kori liked to dress up for comic conventions. She decided to dress up as her favorite character for an upcoming one. She worked very hard for months on her costume. She entered the cosplay contest at the convention. She was very happy when she won first place.
0	Maureen has just moved into a new apartment and still has no mirror. She drives to the store to look for a good mirror she can use. Finally Maureen finds a beautiful, full length mirror. Her friend helps her get the heavy mirror into her apartment. She asks her friends to help her take the mirror to the dump.
1	Maureen has just moved into a new apartment and still has no mirror. She drives to the store to look for a good mirror she can use. Finally Maureen finds a beautiful, full length mirror. Her friend helps her get the heavy mirror into her apartment. She places the mirror in her bathroom.
0	There was a mysterious sound from Bob's basement. He took went to the steps and flicked the light. The bulb flickered on and then off quickly. Bob gave up on the light and went down to investigate. Bob enjoyed his time in the pool.
1	There was a mysterious sound from Bob's basement. He took went to the steps and flicked the light. The bulb flickered on and then off quickly. Bob gave up on the light and went down to investigate. It was very dark and spooky.
1	After I arrived at the hospital, I got a bracelet. It had my personal information on it. My forehead was itching and I reached out for it. The bottom of the bracelet scratched my face. I called for the nurse.
0	After I arrived at the hospital, I got a bracelet. It had my personal information on it. My forehead was itching and I reached out for it. The bottom of the bracelet scratched my face. I felt warm and happy.
1	The principal came out of his office and left the main office. Gina was surprised since she had been waiting 20 minutes. She thought for sure it was finally her turn. But he didn't acknowledge she was there at all. Gina felt frustrated.
0	The principal came out of his office and left the main office. Gina was surprised since she had been waiting 20 minutes. She thought for sure it was finally her turn. But he didn't acknowledge she was there at all. Gina was glad to get the attention she desired.
0	Millie's best friend Nicky was about to become a great-grandma. Nicky asked Millie to crochet a blanket for the new baby. Millie made a beautiful blue and gray blanket with a little hat too. Nicky gave it to her granddaughter today at the baby shower. The cult sacrificed the child in the name of Ba'al.
1	Millie's best friend Nicky was about to become a great-grandma. Nicky asked Millie to crochet a blanket for the new baby. Millie made a beautiful blue and gray blanket with a little hat too. Nicky gave it to her granddaughter today at the baby shower. Nicky's granddaughter smiled and drooled on it happily.
1	I went grocery shopping the other day. I had a long list of items. I picked up every item on the list but one. There were no carrots in the whole store. I bought carrots at a different store.
0	I went grocery shopping the other day. I had a long list of items. I picked up every item on the list but one. There were no carrots in the whole store. I was happy to have found everything I needed.
1	Every Monday Ruth went to lunch with Iris. They always sat in the same booth and had the same waitress. Today they had a different waitress. She didn't know what the ladies wanted. Ruth and Iris told her what they wanted.
0	Every Monday Ruth went to lunch with Iris. They always sat in the same booth and had the same waitress. Today they had a different waitress. She didn't know what the ladies wanted. Ruth and Iris didn't need to tell her anything.
1	Kate had math homework that she needed to do. She sat at the table and tried to focus. She avoided distraction by turning off her phone. Kate worked for two hours. Kate was glad that she could remain concentrated.
0	Kate had math homework that she needed to do. She sat at the table and tried to focus. She avoided distraction by turning off her phone. Kate worked for two hours. Kate wished she had someone to text on her phone while working.
0	Sandy went to the beach with her aunt Theresa. She was so excited to play in the water she forgot the sunblock. Sandy had so much fun playing in the sand and water. However, when the day ended she was sore and red. She felt amazing.
1	Sandy went to the beach with her aunt Theresa. She was so excited to play in the water she forgot the sunblock. Sandy had so much fun playing in the sand and water. However, when the day ended she was sore and red. She realized she should have remembered sunblock.
1	Sally had a test. She was determined to make an A. Sally studied for a week straight. When she got to test day, she went blank. Sally was terribly disappointed with her grade on the test.
0	Sally had a test. She was determined to make an A. Sally studied for a week straight. When she got to test day, she went blank. Sally decided to buy some new boots at the mall.
1	Steven Avery committed murder. Burned human remains were found on his property. Steven was the last person to see the female murder victim alive. He was arrested, charged, tried, and convicted of murder. Steven Avery spent the rest of his life in prison.
0	Steven Avery committed murder. Burned human remains were found on his property. Steven was the last person to see the female murder victim alive. He was arrested, charged, tried, and convicted of murder. The next week, Steven went to the movies with friends.
0	An ambulance rushed to Ollie's house after he called 911. The medics arrived and placed him on the stretcher. They wheeled him to the ambulance. He was placed inside and rushed to the hospital. The ambulance driver decided to stop for lunch on the way.
1	An ambulance rushed to Ollie's house after he called 911. The medics arrived and placed him on the stretcher. They wheeled him to the ambulance. He was placed inside and rushed to the hospital. Ollie survived a heart attack.
0	One day Alice decided to climb the tallest tree in her yard. She got to the top, but was too scared to climb back down! Alice's dad had to get the ladder to climb up to get her. They made it safely to the ground, but Alice learned a big lesson. Alice decided to climb tall trees more often.
1	One day Alice decided to climb the tallest tree in her yard. She got to the top, but was too scared to climb back down! Alice's dad had to get the ladder to climb up to get her. They made it safely to the ground, but Alice learned a big lesson. Alice decided to not climb the big trees anymore.
0	I was stuck in traffic and very hungry. I knew I wouldn't make it home in time, and needed food. I decided to get fast food, but didn't know where from. I finally decided on subway, and parked my car. I threw away my sandwich.
1	I was stuck in traffic and very hungry. I knew I wouldn't make it home in time, and needed food. I decided to get fast food, but didn't know where from. I finally decided on subway, and parked my car. I ate my sandwich in four bites.
0	Tim was in class writing story. All of a sudden, he ran out of paper. There was none in his backpack. He started crying. Everyone began laughing, and walked out of the class.
1	Tim was in class writing story. All of a sudden, he ran out of paper. There was none in his backpack. He started crying. The teacher dried his tears, and gave him more paper.
1	Lenny wanted to learn to practice hypnosis. He did a lot of research about how to do it well. He found out that hypnosis doesn't work like he thought. He found that hypnosis is more of a parlor trick than a power. Lenny found a different interest.
0	Lenny wanted to learn to practice hypnosis. He did a lot of research about how to do it well. He found out that hypnosis doesn't work like he thought. He found that hypnosis is more of a parlor trick than a power. Lenny became a powerful hypnotist.
1	Abby skated on her rollerblades down the driveway. Her father was pulling in and didn't see her. He accidentally hit her as she skated down. Abby's arm was broken. Her dad took Abby to the emergency room right away.
0	Abby skated on her rollerblades down the driveway. Her father was pulling in and didn't see her. He accidentally hit her as she skated down. Abby's arm was broken. Abby's dad went on to park the car in the garage.
0	Cindy felt like eating French toast for breakfast. She couldn't wait to cook it. After she finished, she happily started eating. But she began to feel sick and tired. Cindy started to do jumping jacks.
1	Cindy felt like eating French toast for breakfast. She couldn't wait to cook it. After she finished, she happily started eating. But she began to feel sick and tired. Cindy went to her bedroom and laid down.
0	Neil had just arrived in Morocco. He loved the exotic feel of it. The language was beautiful. And the people were so friendly, too! Neil later hated the country.
1	Neil had just arrived in Morocco. He loved the exotic feel of it. The language was beautiful. And the people were so friendly, too! Neil wished he could stay.
0	Mable loved animals. One day Mabel went for a walk. Mable saw a baby coon. She took it home with her. Mable didn't want to have a pet coon.
1	Mable loved animals. One day Mabel went for a walk. Mable saw a baby coon. She took it home with her. Mable was excited to have a new pet.
1	Ness wanted a bird as a pet. She went to the pet store. The owner suggested she get two parakeets to keep her company. Ness bought the two pretty birds and took them home. She taught the birds to speak.
0	Ness wanted a bird as a pet. She went to the pet store. The owner suggested she get two parakeets to keep her company. Ness bought the two pretty birds and took them home. She fed them to her cat.
1	Ken's football team was losing the game. The game was almost over and they needed seven points to win. Then Ken threw a touchdown and scored! The fans and the team cheered him loudly. Ken's team was very happy to win the game.
0	Ken's football team was losing the game. The game was almost over and they needed seven points to win. Then Ken threw a touchdown and scored! The fans and the team cheered him loudly. Ken decided to quit playing football.
0	My mom would be the only one who would wave to the Easter Bunny. There would often be someone on the street corner dressed up. My mom would take the moment wave and honk her horn. No one else paid that much attention. My mother left the casserole in the oven too long and it burned.
1	My mom would be the only one who would wave to the Easter Bunny. There would often be someone on the street corner dressed up. My mom would take the moment wave and honk her horn. No one else paid that much attention. My mother was exceptionally friendly.
1	Matt's children's room was now too small for all three children. Matt couldn't afford to move to another house. Matt talked with his wife about their options. They both agreed it best to switch the children into the master suite. Matt would move the children into the master suite.
0	Matt's children's room was now too small for all three children. Matt couldn't afford to move to another house. Matt talked with his wife about their options. They both agreed it best to switch the children into the master suite. Matt would keep the children where they are.
1	Mia opened a cafe when she was thirty. After five Years, the cafe got really successful. One day a celebrity visited her cafe. The celebrity was so impressed that they tweeted about it. Her cafe became even more popular.
0	Mia opened a cafe when she was thirty. After five Years, the cafe got really successful. One day a celebrity visited her cafe. The celebrity was so impressed that they tweeted about it. Her cafe went out of business.
0	I came home from the doctor this morning. I saw my friend Joe waiting in the lobby. He is 98, needs a walker, and was trying to vote. My friend Bert graciously offered to take him. Joe had to walk to the voting place.
1	I came home from the doctor this morning. I saw my friend Joe waiting in the lobby. He is 98, needs a walker, and was trying to vote. My friend Bert graciously offered to take him. Joe was very grateful for the help.
1	Lou needed some money for a video game. He put fliers in his neighbor's mailboxes offering to mow their lawns. He had six jobs lined up in just a few hours. He did so well he kept his business going. Lou now has the entire neighborhood as his customers.
0	Lou needed some money for a video game. He put fliers in his neighbor's mailboxes offering to mow their lawns. He had six jobs lined up in just a few hours. He did so well he kept his business going. Lou went to school to learn about IT support.
1	Lindsey was feeling especially antsy at school. She did not want to go to Lacrosse practice after school. She tried to fake a sickness, but nobody believed her. Lindsey ended up skipping practice without an excuse. She hoped she wouldn't get in trouble.
0	Lindsey was feeling especially antsy at school. She did not want to go to Lacrosse practice after school. She tried to fake a sickness, but nobody believed her. Lindsey ended up skipping practice without an excuse. She enjoyed practice a lot.
1	Janet was excited to get some pancakes. Her favorite fast food joint served them all day. She went there after work. When she got there they told her they were out. Janet had a huge look of disappointment on her face.
0	Janet was excited to get some pancakes. Her favorite fast food joint served them all day. She went there after work. When she got there they told her they were out. Janet was happy about that.
1	The first time I went on a boat was with a family vacation. We were all excited because it was my first time. Unfortunately I fell over the side railing and almost drowned. My cousin jumped in to save me and dragged me out. I've been afraid of the water ever since.
0	The first time I went on a boat was with a family vacation. We were all excited because it was my first time. Unfortunately I fell over the side railing and almost drowned. My cousin jumped in to save me and dragged me out. I was very angry with my cousin afterwards.
0	It was the third time Jenna lost her keys this week. She had a bowl to put them in but always forgot. She looked everywhere. Eventually she gave up and used the spare set. Jenna was glad that she wasn't forgetful.
1	It was the third time Jenna lost her keys this week. She had a bowl to put them in but always forgot. She looked everywhere. Eventually she gave up and used the spare set. Jenna lost her spare keys two days later.
1	I was trying to learn how to juggle. I went to a club every day to learn this art. It was very difficult. I eventually was able to get one rep in. I practice all the time now.
0	I was trying to learn how to juggle. I went to a club every day to learn this art. It was very difficult. I eventually was able to get one rep in. I hope I drop the batons.
1	Kyle was working as a lifeguard at the local pool. One day, a little boy started thrashing around in the deep side. Kyle realized the boy was drowning. He jumped into the pool and grabbed the boy. Kyle saved the boy and the boy was thankful.
0	Kyle was working as a lifeguard at the local pool. One day, a little boy started thrashing around in the deep side. Kyle realized the boy was drowning. He jumped into the pool and grabbed the boy. Kyle swam out of the pool alone and went home.
1	My sister had an emergency. She needed a babysitter right away. I told her I would watch my nephew. We had a lot of fun reading books all afternoon. My sister was very grateful and took us both out for ice cream.
0	My sister had an emergency. She needed a babysitter right away. I told her I would watch my nephew. We had a lot of fun reading books all afternoon. My nephew was sleeping the whole time.
1	My first vehicle was a John Deer Tractor. I learned to drive it when I was ten Year's old. My favorite thing to do on the farm was drive through the fields. It made me feel powerful driving large machines. I enjoyed riding the tractor for this reason.
0	My first vehicle was a John Deer Tractor. I learned to drive it when I was ten Year's old. My favorite thing to do on the farm was drive through the fields. It made me feel powerful driving large machines. I always hated having to drive that huge tractor around.
1	Zach was sick of his small apartment. He decided to get a larger apartment. Then he realized he needed help moving. Luckily, Zach's girlfriend was able to help him move. Zach moved into a larger apartment.
0	Zach was sick of his small apartment. He decided to get a larger apartment. Then he realized he needed help moving. Luckily, Zach's girlfriend was able to help him move. Zach decided not to move.
1	Abe failed at his current project of creating allure. He was really bummed but decided to take action. Abe spent Years in studying cosmetics and marketing. He then gave creating allure another go. He was successful this time and made a lot of money.
0	Abe failed at his current project of creating allure. He was really bummed but decided to take action. Abe spent Years in studying cosmetics and marketing. He then gave creating allure another go. Abe hated working in the cosmetics field.
1	Jane woke up and decided to exercise. Jane woke up Jill. Jill suggested to Jane that they should run. Both of the girls went outside for a run. Two miles half later, they returned, exhausted and happy.
0	Jane woke up and decided to exercise. Jane woke up Jill. Jill suggested to Jane that they should run. Both of the girls went outside for a run. When they got outside they decided to get ice cream instead.
0	Jenny's Mom took her to the orchard. It was the first time she'd seen apples on trees! Her Mom hoisted her on her shoulder so Jenny could reach. Jenny grabbed a bright red apple from a tree. Jenny started to cry.
1	Jenny's Mom took her to the orchard. It was the first time she'd seen apples on trees! Her Mom hoisted her on her shoulder so Jenny could reach. Jenny grabbed a bright red apple from a tree. Jenny took a bite.
1	Sora was failing her math class. She asked her teacher if she could do anything to help herself. The teacher offered her an extra credit report. Sora put a lot of effort into her report. She got a good grade on the report and raised her math grade.
0	Sora was failing her math class. She asked her teacher if she could do anything to help herself. The teacher offered her an extra credit report. Sora put a lot of effort into her report. She felt very unmotivated.
1	Ina was making lunch for her family. She cooked lots of food. Then she asked them all to the table. They sat and ate together. Ina's family was full and satisfied.
0	Ina was making lunch for her family. She cooked lots of food. Then she asked them all to the table. They sat and ate together. Ina and her family sat down for breakfast.
0	Susie and Mitch were attending a play at their University. It was a performance of Romeo and Juliet. Mitch fell asleep halfway through the performance. Susie had to slap him in order to wake him up. He rolled over, and went back to sleep.
1	Susie and Mitch were attending a play at their University. It was a performance of Romeo and Juliet. Mitch fell asleep halfway through the performance. Susie had to slap him in order to wake him up. Mitch fought his sleep to watch the rest of the play with Susie.
0	In 2002 the Boston Lyric Opera performed Carmen. This time they did it for free on the Boston Common. I attended the performance on a hot summer day. I was near the stage and enjoyed listening to the opera. The whole experience confirmed my distaste for opera singing.
1	In 2002 the Boston Lyric Opera performed Carmen. This time they did it for free on the Boston Common. I attended the performance on a hot summer day. I was near the stage and enjoyed listening to the opera. I hope they stage more operas on the common in the future.
1	Sam wanted to lose some weight. He decided to run everyday after dinner. He eventually built up his endurance. Sam felt great after exercising consistently. He added weights to his training routine.
0	Sam wanted to lose some weight. He decided to run everyday after dinner. He eventually built up his endurance. Sam felt great after exercising consistently. He immediately quit exercising.
0	Kenny was an electrical engineer. He loved working with circuits and wiring panels. One day he accidentally electrocuted himself badly. He was injured and scared. Kenny looked forward to conquering his fears.
1	Kenny was an electrical engineer. He loved working with circuits and wiring panels. One day he accidentally electrocuted himself badly. He was injured and scared. Kenny thought maybe he should seek another profession.
1	Gina had gotten her allowance. She went to the store and bought a tube of cookie dough. She had been waiting a whole week to try it. She walked home anxious to make cookies. Gina baked cookies as soon as she got home.
0	Gina had gotten her allowance. She went to the store and bought a tube of cookie dough. She had been waiting a whole week to try it. She walked home anxious to make cookies. Gina threw away the cookie dough when she got home.
0	Susie needed to upgrade her old smartphone. She went to Sprint to look at the different models. A worker there was really helpful and told her a lot about each phone. Susie soaked in the information that she was told. Susie told the worker she needed a new smartphone.
1	Susie needed to upgrade her old smartphone. She went to Sprint to look at the different models. A worker there was really helpful and told her a lot about each phone. Susie soaked in the information that she was told. Susie ended up buying the latest model of smartphone.
0	Scott paddled his canoe across the big lake. The canoe was suddenly tipped over by a large wave. Scott struggled to turn his canoe right side up again. With great effort, Scott was able to right his canoe and climb aboard. Scott decided to swim across the lake.
1	Scott paddled his canoe across the big lake. The canoe was suddenly tipped over by a large wave. Scott struggled to turn his canoe right side up again. With great effort, Scott was able to right his canoe and climb aboard. Scott continued to paddle his canoe across the big lake.
1	Tory loved Thanksgiving. She decided to make the turkey for her family's holiday feast. It was a lot of work, but finally the turkey was finished. When she took it to dinner, everyone loved it. Tory was glad that she had decided to cook for her family.
0	Tory loved Thanksgiving. She decided to make the turkey for her family's holiday feast. It was a lot of work, but finally the turkey was finished. When she took it to dinner, everyone loved it. Tory let the dog into the house.
1	Brenda was at summer camp. She was lying in bed and trying to go to sleep. Suddenly, she heard a spooky noise. The noise terrified her and kept up all night. In the morning, Brenda discovered mice had eaten her snacks.
0	Brenda was at summer camp. She was lying in bed and trying to go to sleep. Suddenly, she heard a spooky noise. The noise terrified her and kept up all night. Branda awoke feeling refreshed.
0	Sam was an exceptional ice skater. One day, Sam decided to try hockey. He and his friend practiced together every chance they could. They went to tryouts and did their best. Sam hit a homerun.
1	Sam was an exceptional ice skater. One day, Sam decided to try hockey. He and his friend practiced together every chance they could. They went to tryouts and did their best. Sam and his friend scored a goal.
1	Karen's friend called her to see if she wanted to hang out. Karen agreed and they met at a coffee shop. They talked for a couple hours before going to a spa. Afterwards, they had dinner together and watched a movie. It was the best time Karen had had in months.
0	Karen's friend called her to see if she wanted to hang out. Karen agreed and they met at a coffee shop. They talked for a couple hours before going to a spa. Afterwards, they had dinner together and watched a movie. They separated, and never spoke again.
0	Sara and her cousins went to play paintball. Sara donned the vest and gun. Then she stalked her cousins. She wasn't sure how well she'd do. Sara decided to go grab some water.
1	Sara and her cousins went to play paintball. Sara donned the vest and gun. Then she stalked her cousins. She wasn't sure how well she'd do. Sara then shot her cousins in the back.
0	Lee lost his first baby tooth. He was so happy! He placed it under his pillow. In the morning he checked. Lee  decided law enforcement would be the career for him.
1	Lee lost his first baby tooth. He was so happy! He placed it under his pillow. In the morning he checked. The tooth fairy left him several dollars.
1	Sharon liked volunteering at the animal shelter. She spent many hours working with rescued dogs and cats. Although she wasn't paid, she felt rewarded by her work. The owner of the shelter was very grateful for Sharon's help. Sharon eventually landed a paying job.
0	Sharon liked volunteering at the animal shelter. She spent many hours working with rescued dogs and cats. Although she wasn't paid, she felt rewarded by her work. The owner of the shelter was very grateful for Sharon's help. Sharon vowed to never return to the animal shelter.
0	Lisa makes celebration cakes for a living. She was asked to make a grand five tier wedding cake. She is very excited and a bit nervous about this. She outdoes herself and makes the most beautiful wedding cake ever. Lisa was ashamed to deliver the ugly cake to the wedding.
1	Lisa makes celebration cakes for a living. She was asked to make a grand five tier wedding cake. She is very excited and a bit nervous about this. She outdoes herself and makes the most beautiful wedding cake ever. Afterward, Lisa was swamped for cake orders for weddings.
1	Kev and Kate were fighting badly. They decided they needed help. They went to see a therapist. The therapist was helpful and friendly. The couple liked her very much.
0	Kev and Kate were fighting badly. They decided they needed help. They went to see a therapist. The therapist was helpful and friendly. Katie hated her a lot.
1	Gloria was excited about her night out. Every week she looks forward to getting together with friends. They all go out to dinner and then to the bingo hall. She doesn't win often but when she does she celebrates. Gloria won that night and screamed with joy.
0	Gloria was excited about her night out. Every week she looks forward to getting together with friends. They all go out to dinner and then to the bingo hall. She doesn't win often but when she does she celebrates. Gloria hated Bingo because the prizes were boring.
1	Ruth was generally a nice person. But she had a deep love for expensive things. At a dinner party with her best friend, she admired the silverware. She loved her friend, but loved silver even more. She also asked if she can have it.
0	Ruth was generally a nice person. But she had a deep love for expensive things. At a dinner party with her best friend, she admired the silverware. She loved her friend, but loved silver even more. After one look, she didn't look at it for the rest of the night.
1	Cal got an ice cream making machine for his birthday. He was so excited to try it out! He added all the ingredients. Then he turned the crank and watched eagerly. A big bowl of chocolate ice cream was soon ready.
0	Cal got an ice cream making machine for his birthday. He was so excited to try it out! He added all the ingredients. Then he turned the crank and watched eagerly. Cal did not want to eat any ice cream.
0	Jill and her band had a concert coming up. They were a new band and needed practice. They spent the coming weeks practicing very hard. When the concert arrived, they were well rehearsed. Jill was not well rehearsed enough and performed poorly.
1	Jill and her band had a concert coming up. They were a new band and needed practice. They spent the coming weeks practicing very hard. When the concert arrived, they were well rehearsed. Jill did very well in the show.
1	Bob's family packed their bags for their trip to Florida. They drove to the airport and got on the plane. The plane landed, and they went to their hotel. At the hotel, they ordered room service and went to bed. They slept well and woke up well rested.
0	Bob's family packed their bags for their trip to Florida. They drove to the airport and got on the plane. The plane landed, and they went to their hotel. At the hotel, they ordered room service and went to bed. They went to an all night dance club.
1	Marie had to get a flu shot, but she was afraid of needles. She waited in line for her shot, anxious the whole time. When she sat down in the chair, she thought she would faint. Then, the nurse told her she was done. Marie felt good and was not anxious anymore.
0	Marie had to get a flu shot, but she was afraid of needles. She waited in line for her shot, anxious the whole time. When she sat down in the chair, she thought she would faint. Then, the nurse told her she was done. Marie felt fear more than ever.
1	I just started doing ebay for my sister in law. She lost her husband a few months ago. She wanted to sell things on ebay in order to keep busy. I listed twelve items for her and made $120.00 She was grateful, so she bought me lunch.
0	I just started doing ebay for my sister in law. She lost her husband a few months ago. She wanted to sell things on ebay in order to keep busy. I listed twelve items for her and made $120.00 But when she told her husband, he got mad.
0	Kristen found a new hobby. The hobby was Couponing. She spent countless hours yesterday clipping coupons. The hard work paid off because Kristen saved hundreds today. Kristen vowed to never use coupons again.
1	Kristen found a new hobby. The hobby was Couponing. She spent countless hours yesterday clipping coupons. The hard work paid off because Kristen saved hundreds today. Kristen was very happy.
0	Lana was overweight and out of shape for most of her life. As a young adult, she finally got tired of being overweight. She began regularly exercising and eating healthier. By the end of the year, she finally felt ready to hike a mountain. Lana became incredibly obese and struggled with her weight later.
1	Lana was overweight and out of shape for most of her life. As a young adult, she finally got tired of being overweight. She began regularly exercising and eating healthier. By the end of the year, she finally felt ready to hike a mountain. She was in such great shape that she finished a long marathon.
1	Frank thought he was the best at football in the neighborhood. He challenged his friends at the park. Robert ended up outperforming Frank the whole game. Frank, being a good person, took it in stride. Frank got better with time.
0	Frank thought he was the best at football in the neighborhood. He challenged his friends at the park. Robert ended up outperforming Frank the whole game. Frank, being a good person, took it in stride. Frank doesn't like football.
0	Jim went out to eat. He ordered the stake. He ate it up with a smile. However, he could not pay the sixty dollar bill. Jim only had eighty dollars.
1	Jim went out to eat. He ordered the stake. He ate it up with a smile. However, he could not pay the sixty dollar bill. He spent the rest of the evening washing the restaurant's dishes.
0	Bill was eating dinner with his family. He sudden felt ill after eating his mom's spaghetti. He asked to be excused. Bill quickly ran to the bathroom and puked. Bill's mom was pleased at how dinner turned out.
1	Bill was eating dinner with his family. He sudden felt ill after eating his mom's spaghetti. He asked to be excused. Bill quickly ran to the bathroom and puked. It turned out that Bill had a stomach virus.
0	As soon as the light turned green, the cars accelerated. Jimmy took the lead until the third lap. Brian caught up and was ahead by a few feet. The lead became bigger since Brian's far was faster. Brian was not a very good driver.
1	As soon as the light turned green, the cars accelerated. Jimmy took the lead until the third lap. Brian caught up and was ahead by a few feet. The lead became bigger since Brian's far was faster. Brian was an expert race car driver.
1	Mitch had really bad acne. He ordered acne wash from Amazon. He washed his face with the acne wash every morning. His face cleared up within a few weeks. Mitch was very happy with the results.
0	Mitch had really bad acne. He ordered acne wash from Amazon. He washed his face with the acne wash every morning. His face cleared up within a few weeks. Mitch was upset that the acne cream didn't work.
0	Tommy was only 9 years old and always getting in trouble. One day he told his friend Tim that he was going to run away. He went home and packed his clothes. He decided to leave that night. Tommy then bought a new car.
1	Tommy was only 9 years old and always getting in trouble. One day he told his friend Tim that he was going to run away. He went home and packed his clothes. He decided to leave that night. He then decided to not run away from home.
1	Jack helped his dad carve a pumpkin. He drew the design he wanted. His dad guided his hands in using the knife. He carved out the design. Jack saved the pumpkin seeds to toast later.
0	Jack helped his dad carve a pumpkin. He drew the design he wanted. His dad guided his hands in using the knife. He carved out the design. Jack thinks he could never be a good graphic artist.
0	My husband loves tv. He watches it too much. Watching tv can cause bad eyesight. my husband had problems with his eyes. He does not watch enough TV.
1	My husband loves tv. He watches it too much. Watching tv can cause bad eyesight. my husband had problems with his eyes. He should stop watching so much TV.
1	Jan was having a birthday trip in Hawaii. She was super excited to have some fun. Her best friend Kristin was disappointed she was not invited. Kristen tried asking Jan if she could be invited. Jan told Kristen she did not want her to come on the trip.
0	Jan was having a birthday trip in Hawaii. She was super excited to have some fun. Her best friend Kristin was disappointed she was not invited. Kristen tried asking Jan if she could be invited. Jan decided not to invite anyone on her birthday trip.
1	Joey wanted to learn how to make pasta like his mom. He went to visit her. He asked her to teach him to make lasagna. She showed him all the steps and gave him the recipe. Joey made lasagna.
0	Joey wanted to learn how to make pasta like his mom. He went to visit her. He asked her to teach him to make lasagna. She showed him all the steps and gave him the recipe. Joey hates pasta.
0	Alice adopted a pit bull puppy earlier this year. She was worried that people would judge him because of his breed. She took him to puppy classes and trained him properly. Alice loved him and used a lot of positive reinforcement. Alice thinks pit bulls make dangerous pets.
1	Alice adopted a pit bull puppy earlier this year. She was worried that people would judge him because of his breed. She took him to puppy classes and trained him properly. Alice loved him and used a lot of positive reinforcement. Alice believes pit bulls can make good pets.
0	I used to see an old man walk down the street every day. One day, to my surprise, he wasn't there! I asked everyone what had happened to him. Nobody knew, I thought that he had died! I saw the man every day.
1	I used to see an old man walk down the street every day. One day, to my surprise, he wasn't there! I asked everyone what had happened to him. Nobody knew, I thought that he had died! One day the man was out walking again!
1	Tom is in class. It just started and he's already bored. He can't pay any attention in class. He dozed off. Tom might fail the class.
0	Tom is in class. It just started and he's already bored. He can't pay any attention in class. He dozed off. Tom will most likely pass the class.
0	Nina loved drawing from an early age. She practiced and practiced and got really good. Nina went to art school but needed some cash. Nina began to sell her art on deviantart. Nina quit drawing.
1	Nina loved drawing from an early age. She practiced and practiced and got really good. Nina went to art school but needed some cash. Nina began to sell her art on deviantart. Nina became a professional artist.
1	Destini and Allison love music. Every week the two women have coffee and talk about the latest music. This week Allison got sick and could not make it. Destini was sad but understood, and instead came to Allison's house. Allison told her to come back when she wasn't sick.
0	Destini and Allison love music. Every week the two women have coffee and talk about the latest music. This week Allison got sick and could not make it. Destini was sad but understood, and instead came to Allison's house. Allison hated music.
1	Lexi wanted a pie for her birthday instead of a cake. And she told everyone two week before. But when it was Lexi's birthday, she didn't get a pie. Lexi was disappointed. Lexi was so upset that she cried.
0	Lexi wanted a pie for her birthday instead of a cake. And she told everyone two week before. But when it was Lexi's birthday, she didn't get a pie. Lexi was disappointed. Lexi thought that the pie was delicious.
1	Anne fell while ice skating. She twisted her ankle beneath her. Her mom rushed her to the emergency room. There, they wrapped Anne's ankle in a soft cast. Anne recovered just fine.
0	Anne fell while ice skating. She twisted her ankle beneath her. Her mom rushed her to the emergency room. There, they wrapped Anne's ankle in a soft cast. Annie was angry that her ankle wasn't more injured.
0	My sister in law had some items she wanted to sell on eBay. She is not very savvy at this, so she asked me to sell for her. I listed a pocket watch and some cufflinks. They sold for $140. My sister never wants me to sell items for her again.
1	My sister in law had some items she wanted to sell on eBay. She is not very savvy at this, so she asked me to sell for her. I listed a pocket watch and some cufflinks. They sold for $140. My sister was happy with the money I obtained for her.
1	Aaron was a shepherd with three dogs. One of his dogs was old but still energetic. One night wolves started killing his sheep. The old dog fought the wolves and chased them off. Aaron loved his old  dog.
0	Aaron was a shepherd with three dogs. One of his dogs was old but still energetic. One night wolves started killing his sheep. The old dog fought the wolves and chased them off. Aaron's old  dog was useless.
0	Everyone in class was talking to each other. There was a sound that signaled an announcement. The principal warned the school about an upcoming hurricane. The teacher told the class to rest on their knees. Everyone in class started walking around.
1	Everyone in class was talking to each other. There was a sound that signaled an announcement. The principal warned the school about an upcoming hurricane. The teacher told the class to rest on their knees. Everyone in class got down on their knees.
1	Lewis went skating with his friends. They had so much fun. No one wanted to go home. They order pizza and ate lunch there. Lewis had a great time.
0	Lewis went skating with his friends. They had so much fun. No one wanted to go home. They order pizza and ate lunch there. Lewis vowed never to go skating again.
1	Holly is pregnant. She's scared because she doesn't know if she is ready to have a child. Nine months later her child is born. Holly looks at her newborn son and sees how much she loves him. Holly knew that she was meant to have a child.
0	Holly is pregnant. She's scared because she doesn't know if she is ready to have a child. Nine months later her child is born. Holly looks at her newborn son and sees how much she loves him. Holly decided to give the kid up for adoption.
1	Paul loves playing video games. His computer was having trouble keeping up with the latest ones. He decided to upgrade. After a while his entire computer was practically new. Now Paul can play all the latest games with his friends.
0	Paul loves playing video games. His computer was having trouble keeping up with the latest ones. He decided to upgrade. After a while his entire computer was practically new. Paul sold his golf clubs and entered a nursing home.
0	Harris and his dad made plans to go hunting. His dad took him to a gun range to practice. On the morning the the trip, they packed several bags. When they arrived up, they set up camp. Harris then played catch with his dad.
1	Harris and his dad made plans to go hunting. His dad took him to a gun range to practice. On the morning the the trip, they packed several bags. When they arrived up, they set up camp. Harris then killed a deer and they went home.
1	Stephanie had just moved into her boyfriend's apartment. She didn't like the way he decorated. She tried to drop subtle hints but he ignored all of them. Finally she decided to make some changes while he was at work. Her boyfriend was not impressed.
0	Stephanie had just moved into her boyfriend's apartment. She didn't like the way he decorated. She tried to drop subtle hints but he ignored all of them. Finally she decided to make some changes while he was at work. Her boyfriend redecorated her apartment.
1	Sadie loved growing tomatoes and peppers in her backyard. Sadie would grind them together and make a delicious salsa. She began selling it to people to use at their parties. Her business started expanding rapidly as demand increased. Sadie now makes salsa as her full time job.
0	Sadie loved growing tomatoes and peppers in her backyard. Sadie would grind them together and make a delicious salsa. She began selling it to people to use at their parties. Her business started expanding rapidly as demand increased. Sadie never grew tomatoes again.
0	My mom came home sad today. I decided to ask her if she's alright. She didn't say anything. Being considerate, I decided to leave her alone. I walked toward her and screamed in her face for being rude.
1	My mom came home sad today. I decided to ask her if she's alright. She didn't say anything. Being considerate, I decided to leave her alone. She eventually came to me and apologized for being rude.
0	Sam was on the elevator to reach his apartment. All of a sudden, the lights in the elevator went out. He was stuck on the elevator with the power out. Sam texted his girlfriend while he waited in the elevator. Sam loved that elevator.
1	Sam was on the elevator to reach his apartment. All of a sudden, the lights in the elevator went out. He was stuck on the elevator with the power out. Sam texted his girlfriend while he waited in the elevator. Sam was eventually let out when the power came back.
0	Tom slept through his alarm and was late for work today. His boss told him he has been late multiple times this month. He told Tom to figure something out so he shows up on time. Tom went out and bought three alarm clocks. Tom gave the clocks to his sister who was always late for work.
1	Tom slept through his alarm and was late for work today. His boss told him he has been late multiple times this month. He told Tom to figure something out so he shows up on time. Tom went out and bought three alarm clocks. Now Tom is late due to time spent turning off the alarms.
0	Tim was fishing on the bank. He felt a bit on his line. He yanked up real hard. The fish on his line flew out of the water. He thought fishing was boring.
1	Tim was fishing on the bank. He felt a bit on his line. He yanked up real hard. The fish on his line flew out of the water. It was the biggest fish he had ever caught.
0	Susan looked forward to Sunday. Every Sunday Susan and her grandpa would take a walk into town. When they got to town they would stop at the ice cream shop. Susan and her grandpa always order a Hot fudge sundae. Susan really hates eating hot fudge sundaes with her grandpa.
1	Susan looked forward to Sunday. Every Sunday Susan and her grandpa would take a walk into town. When they got to town they would stop at the ice cream shop. Susan and her grandpa always order a Hot fudge sundae. Today Susan decided to ask for extra fudge on her sundae.
1	Wendell always wanted to learn how to swim. He signed up for swimming lessons at his local YMCA. He felt nervous getting in the water for the first time. Eventually, he got the hang of propelling himself in the water. Wendell became a great swimmer.
0	Wendell always wanted to learn how to swim. He signed up for swimming lessons at his local YMCA. He felt nervous getting in the water for the first time. Eventually, he got the hang of propelling himself in the water. Wendell continued to get worse at swimming.
0	Coach Reid implemented a rigorous boot camp for preseason. Every night the players would do a series of military exercises. The coaches hoped this would instill discipline within the players. Although at the time, the players resented it, they grew as a team. The coach ate his vegetables.
1	Coach Reid implemented a rigorous boot camp for preseason. Every night the players would do a series of military exercises. The coaches hoped this would instill discipline within the players. Although at the time, the players resented it, they grew as a team. Discipline in sports is an important thing to learn.
0	At school, Joanie heard some girls talking about church. They asked Joan if she was a Christian. When Joanie shook her head, the girls shunned her. Joanie told her mom about it. Joanie's mom was happy she had made some friends.
1	At school, Joanie heard some girls talking about church. They asked Joan if she was a Christian. When Joanie shook her head, the girls shunned her. Joanie told her mom about it. Joanie's mom told her not to worry about such judgmental people.
1	Sue was a very fit woman. She worked out on a daily basis. Sue found out she was expecting a baby. She continued to workout during the pregnancy. Sue's doctors did not approve.
0	Sue was a very fit woman. She worked out on a daily basis. Sue found out she was expecting a baby. She continued to workout during the pregnancy. Sue continued to drink alcohol.
0	Kelly and her friends wanted to try the new Asian fusion restaurant. They absolutely loved Asian food. As soon as they walked in the atmosphere was great. The food was delicious. They were angry they had come to the new restaurant.
1	Kelly and her friends wanted to try the new Asian fusion restaurant. They absolutely loved Asian food. As soon as they walked in the atmosphere was great. The food was delicious. They were happy they had come to the new restaurant.
1	Harris was poor. He decided to rob a bank. He held up the bank at gunpoint and stole thousands of dollars. He escaped in his getaway car. Harris could not outrun the police and was caught.
0	Harris was poor. He decided to rob a bank. He held up the bank at gunpoint and stole thousands of dollars. He escaped in his getaway car. Harris decided to toss the money in the lake.
0	Amy was happy it was Saturday. She didn't want to go to school and face her friends. They All wanted to hear about the big game. That was the last thing she wanted to discuss. Amy called her friends as soon as she could.
1	Amy was happy it was Saturday. She didn't want to go to school and face her friends. They All wanted to hear about the big game. That was the last thing she wanted to discuss. Amy avoided her friends and talking about the big game.
0	Gina and her friends were at the library at school. But the librarian had left, and locked the door. The girls sat on the floor in the hallway and waited. Soon, they were concerned she may not be returning. Gina didn't care if the librarian returned.
1	Gina and her friends were at the library at school. But the librarian had left, and locked the door. The girls sat on the floor in the hallway and waited. Soon, they were concerned she may not be returning. Gina decided to call for help.
1	Bani heard that the museum had a dinosaur exhibit. He begged his mom to take him. She took him the very next day. Bani excitedly walked through the exhibit. Bani was fascinated by all the dinosaurs.
0	Bani heard that the museum had a dinosaur exhibit. He begged his mom to take him. She took him the very next day. Bani excitedly walked through the exhibit. Bani was upset that he had to go to the museum.
0	Ben was shopping at a walmart. He was looking for anything that seemed cool to him. Ben noticed a large adult kite was on sale. He bought the kite and went back home. Ben was upset he'd gone shopping.
1	Ben was shopping at a walmart. He was looking for anything that seemed cool to him. Ben noticed a large adult kite was on sale. He bought the kite and went back home. Ben flew his kite in the backyard all night!
0	Alison's fan had three settings. When she put it on the most powerful one it wobbled. Her new boyfriend didn't know this and put it as such. It wobbled to the point of spinning off. Alison ate an ice cream sandwich.
1	Alison's fan had three settings. When she put it on the most powerful one it wobbled. Her new boyfriend didn't know this and put it as such. It wobbled to the point of spinning off. Her boyfriend felt bad that he broke the fan.
0	Jessica likes to get coffee before work. One morning she was running five minutes late. When she got to the coffee shop, the line was very long. She had to go to work without coffee that morning. She felt energized and alert all morning.
1	Jessica likes to get coffee before work. One morning she was running five minutes late. When she got to the coffee shop, the line was very long. She had to go to work without coffee that morning. She was frustrated all morning.
0	I screamed into the void to see if there were any more survivors. Between the echos of my yell I thought I heard something. I walked toward the sound of the voice. It grew louder the closer I got. There weren't any more survivors.
1	I screamed into the void to see if there were any more survivors. Between the echos of my yell I thought I heard something. I walked toward the sound of the voice. It grew louder the closer I got. I saw the face of a young lady crying for my help.
1	I went driving the other day. After putting the key in, I turned the ignition. It wasn't long before I was on the road! I went to a grocery store to see if there were any deals. There were, and I bought food and then went home.
0	I went driving the other day. After putting the key in, I turned the ignition. It wasn't long before I was on the road! I went to a grocery store to see if there were any deals. I did not food, so I drove straight home.
1	Sarah wanted to build her new Lego kit. She unpacked all of the pieces. She read the directions. She followed the steps to build the kit. Sarah was very methodical when using the Legos.
0	Sarah wanted to build her new Lego kit. She unpacked all of the pieces. She read the directions. She followed the steps to build the kit. Sarah was very sloppy when using her Legos.
1	One afternoon Sallie took her dog, Gibby, to the dog park. Gibby was always afraid of the other dogs at the park. But this time, she met another dog who was also just as afraid. Both dogs greeted each other with wagging tails. Sallie was glad that Gibbie made a friend.
0	One afternoon Sallie took her dog, Gibby, to the dog park. Gibby was always afraid of the other dogs at the park. But this time, she met another dog who was also just as afraid. Both dogs greeted each other with wagging tails. Sallie punished Gibbie.
1	Mike would go to his friends house. They would play Sega for hours. All different kinds of games. After hours he'd finally head home. Mike loved going to his friends' house.
0	Mike would go to his friends house. They would play Sega for hours. All different kinds of games. After hours he'd finally head home. Mike stole the Sega to sell it for cocaine.
1	"I had to reprimand two employees that worked at different locations. I hated doing it and thought the matter was done with. Weeks later, one left a message about a question on paperwork. I phoned with: ""It's me"" and she said horrible things about me. I was forced to fire the employee."
0	"I had to reprimand two employees that worked at different locations. I hated doing it and thought the matter was done with. Weeks later, one left a message about a question on paperwork. I phoned with: ""It's me"" and she said horrible things about me. I gave her a raise, and a promotion."
1	Hannah had a beautiful cat that she loved very much. However, she noticed that her cat was getting very old. One day, her cat ran away and never came back. Hannah was devastated. She never saw her beautiful cat again.
0	Hannah had a beautiful cat that she loved very much. However, she noticed that her cat was getting very old. One day, her cat ran away and never came back. Hannah was devastated. She found her cat hidden under the couch.
0	Amy's class was going to the museum on a field trip. Amy was excited to view the King Tut exhibit. Amy asked the information desk where to find the exhibit. The lady informed her the Exhibit left the month before. Amy became happy.
1	Amy's class was going to the museum on a field trip. Amy was excited to view the King Tut exhibit. Amy asked the information desk where to find the exhibit. The lady informed her the Exhibit left the month before. Amy became sad.
1	Larry hasn't eaten all day. He is afraid he doesn't have any food at home to eat. Finally he notices that he has instant noodles in his cupboard. He boils water to cook the noodles. He has noodles for dinner.
0	Larry hasn't eaten all day. He is afraid he doesn't have any food at home to eat. Finally he notices that he has instant noodles in his cupboard. He boils water to cook the noodles. Larry orders a pizza.
1	Tim got his first job. But it required him to sit for long hours. Tim wanted to spend the money he earned on a car. But instead, he had to spend it on back surgery. His back felt much better after surgery.
0	Tim got his first job. But it required him to sit for long hours. Tim wanted to spend the money he earned on a car. But instead, he had to spend it on back surgery. Tim decided to buy a boat.
0	Carl sent a valentine to the girl he liked named Katie. But the college mailroom accidentally delivered it to the wrong Katie! The wrong Katie was delighted by the valentine she thought was hers. Out of pity, Carl took her on a date that night. Carl and Stacey enjoyed their date.
1	Carl sent a valentine to the girl he liked named Katie. But the college mailroom accidentally delivered it to the wrong Katie! The wrong Katie was delighted by the valentine she thought was hers. Out of pity, Carl took her on a date that night. Katie found out and then was very hurt.
0	Derek was driving at night. Suddenly his car buckled and he was forced to pull over. There was smoke coming from under the hood. He noticed this and got out of the car quickly. He walked away, and never looked back.
1	Derek was driving at night. Suddenly his car buckled and he was forced to pull over. There was smoke coming from under the hood. He noticed this and got out of the car quickly. It took 4 hours for his car to cool off so he could go home.
1	Rex had always loved birds. One day his friend recommended they go birding at a local park. Rex and his friend saw finches, sparrows, and other birds. They talked about all the birds they had seen over ice cream later. They had fun.
0	Rex had always loved birds. One day his friend recommended they go birding at a local park. Rex and his friend saw finches, sparrows, and other birds. They talked about all the birds they had seen over ice cream later. Rex decided that he never wanted to do that again.
0	My grandma was on her deathbed. She told me to always take out time for the little things. I try to live this daily. I try to enjoy the things people normally take for granted. I never liked the things my grandma said.
1	My grandma was on her deathbed. She told me to always take out time for the little things. I try to live this daily. I try to enjoy the things people normally take for granted. I thank my grandma for my giving me my life's philosophy.
1	Tina invited Todd to dinner. She went to the fish market for something special. She was frightened by all the fish eyes staring at her. She left without buying anything. Tina decided they'd eat out for dinner.
0	Tina invited Todd to dinner. She went to the fish market for something special. She was frightened by all the fish eyes staring at her. She left without buying anything. They had fish for dinner that night with extra fish eyes.
1	Wallace had a passion for gardening. He had been gardening since he was ten years of age. Wallace followed his passion well into his college years. Wallace graduated from college with a degree in biology. He used his knowledge to become a professional gardener.
0	Wallace had a passion for gardening. He had been gardening since he was ten years of age. Wallace followed his passion well into his college years. Wallace graduated from college with a degree in biology. He used his knowledge to become a professional taxi driver.
0	Tam felt defeated as she looked at her lawn covered with Dandelions. Kids came to her daycare, one of them picking a Dandelion for Tam. Tam had an idea. Before they left, Tam told the kids to pick a bouquet for their moms. Tam took the kids to Canada.
1	Tam felt defeated as she looked at her lawn covered with Dandelions. Kids came to her daycare, one of them picking a Dandelion for Tam. Tam had an idea. Before they left, Tam told the kids to pick a bouquet for their moms. The kids picked bouquets.
